THE EVENING WORLD (New York, N.Y.) — Selected Pages, 1922

Source: Library of Congress, Chronicling America / National Digital Newspaper Program bulk data (chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/), NYPL-digitized microfilm batches. LCCN sn83030193. OCR extracted from page-level ALTO XML with corpus/tools/alto-to-text.mjs (low-confidence and very short OCR blocks dropped; otherwise unedited). Each page below is a separate day's front page (p. 1) or an inside news page (p. 3), one issue picked from the middle of each month.

=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-01-18, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281573/1922011801/0385.xml ===

BLOWUP SCARES WALL ST.

VOL. IiZIL NO. 21,049

BIG TOBACCO COMPANIES ACCUSED OF CONSPIRACY

TO KEEP UP 4 Oombined, It Is Alleged by Federal Board, Against Job bers Who Made Cuts. TO BEGIN PROSECUTION Firms Named in Charges Are American, P. Lorillard Co. and Liggett & Myers Co. WASHINGTON, Jan. 18. Thrco of lb principal tobacco manufacturing' companies, tho American Tobacco Company, tho P. Lorillard Company, and tbo Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company, were charged with engag ing In conspiracies with numerous Jobbers associations to keep up Job bers prices, in a report transmitted to-day to the Senate by (iio TOiel Trade Commission. Tho three companies, tho commis sion declared In giving the results of an Investigation ordered under a reso lutlon by Senator Smith, Democrat,

South Carolina, were formerly parts wasn 1 aa we" Poiisnea as u migm De, of tho "Tobacco Trust" dissolved by or at onv rate wasn't always gram the Supreme Court. j matlcally perfect, and he feared tho The It. J. Reynolds Company, tho wmth of Bomo of tho stylists who report said, was not a. party to the ,atclv navo 00011 Picking his utter-

alleeed consniracios and was com-. mended for Its opposition. The com-1

mission promised prosecutions where Mr- Haraings ooservauon in mis the evldenco disclosed thoro has been connection. But he warned his hear vlolatlons of law. ' crs good-natuoredly that some day If Thero -was no conclulsve evidence, ! ot them 1'aPPened to bo elected the commission tsatcd. of collusion to , to ,hc Presidential office they would depress tho prices paid growers for,1'11"1 11 a vast'y different job writing the 1920 leaf crop. Tho commission and sa'lnK ,,llnRB immediately sent

HH.1. knmvrr. th.it "It nnncars that i a few largo buyers had a dominant position and each purchased only a certain percentage of tho offerings." "Common buying ngencles wcro uesd," tho report said, with reference to the purchaso of tobacco, and secret purchases were made through Inde pendent dealers, whllo the ultimate purchasers held off tho market, or practically so. Findings of fact reported by tho commission Included: "That begin ning with tho spring of 1321, thero was a Natlon-wldo movement having for It sobject the organization of job bers' associations to fix prices by eliminating price cutting among Job bers. This movement was fostered and aided principally by the American Tobacco Company, P. Lorlllard Com pany and Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company, followed by tho Tobacco Products Corporation, Bloch Brothers (Continued on Sesond Pago.) o BIG LINER SHAKEN UP BY BULL WHALE Presidents WiUon Tltta the Mon ster While ln Mid-Ocvn. The steamship rresldento Wilson, which arrived to-day, reported that while in mid-ocean the ship struck a hull what.. Thn Imnnrt wan Rlirh thnt Capt. Zarr. in his cabin, was thrown off a chair and two officers on tho bridge I had to grab hold to keep from going ( off. Passengers on deck were pitched . about aa the ship trembled and then went ahead. "Something submerged, sir," replied the first oftlcer In repjy to the Captain's question of what had caused It, An j instant later tho Immense head and the tall of a bull whale showed astern. A large area of tho ocean was stained with his blood. MILLER GETS FIRST BILL FOR SIGNATURE. ALBANY, Jan. 18. The Legislature sent to Gov. Miller to-day the first bill to bo passed by both Houses. It was the Knlsht bill, designed to correct a defect In the 1921 labor law. That act made II unl-iwful to hoist any building mntprtnl nil the nntaM nl a K..iti..n morn than five stories In height, and TeaumiiK in pumns a mop lo steel con striictlon as girders could not he hoisted on the Inside, The Knliht.blll would substitute the I rerd 'WW- lor "HUUrial." W

DAILY. Coprrifht (New Publishing THEIR PRICES A FLING AT SOI President Not Particularly Of- fended Because He Is Called a "Main Street" Executive.. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of Th Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON. Jan. 18 (Copy right, 1922). President Harding in roV'uilK- -with MeS-spaper' men-to-day ' explained that a President really should -not bo quoted so often: that , sometimes a phrase or a sentence ut- ! tcmi ln impromptu conversation ances to pieces. There was nothing plalntlvo about "roaucasi xo uio worm ior uio inspec tlon and mlnuto criticism of hun dreds of millions of pcoplo and writ ing newspaper articles for tho con sumption of d small community like Murlon, O. Responsibility makes a difference. And Mr. Harding shows It. Ho ex hibited no impatience with his critics but ho used the occasion to take a fling at some of the writers who have been characterizing him as "a Main Streot President" with a crude liter ary style. Mr. Harding Isn't particu larly displeased with tho referenco to "Main Street." If he were to discloso his true feelings it would appear that Mr. Harding thinks It a virtue for the American people occasionally to select some one for tho Presidency who knows the simplicity and matter-of-fact problems of tho common people of tho United States. But thoro was Just a touch of pathos in the President's observa tions on his critics. Ho gavo tho Im pression of a man overwhelmed by the awful responsibilities of this era of economic roconstiuctlon, a mun torn by tho conflicting emotions of an agricultural West and a manufactur ing East Insldo tho Republican Party, a man who was struggling to make headway against nlmost Insurmount able obstacles In tho way of Govcrn- jiicui. tAiuiiuiiuru unu wnn such a bu"den on his shoulders he was not a llttIe nurt tnat the critics should spend their time worrying about im promptu remarks mado bv htm. In this respect Mr. Harding ts not unlike Woodrow Wilson, who suf. fcred bitter criticism from newspapers because of certain twists of his liter ary style. Mr. Wilson used to think thero were bigger things for tho crit ics to write nbout than his style of expression. Mr. Harding wonders If tho little carping innuendoes nro nec essary for tho successful working, of a democracy. I'lllCES VMA, 7 P. C. I sio.-sth r i.oxnox. LONDON. Jan. 18. Official statutic. show the coat of living fell 7 per cent .. nig jell i Ittr Cent, during thj, month of December. At tho end of 13J1 the figures were the lowest since Ma.ch 1918. W were 92 ner rnt "hove the flKurea of 111! ,.Ifa world's winter resort annual for ixVwliu imZ' 1. J.rMli."" I'""- tiIULtwP'lUUieV1 AUSSiewSi: pV... a.i!;kiJMt'"i .'' . ai'Icm j .;7."""' ..""'.." lOUft. IfM t

"Clrctdatlon Pooka Open to All."

York florid) hy rre Csmpany, 10SU. NEW FUR TIF SLAIN; ALLEGED BAND OF Some of the Gang Out on Bail Awaiting Trial on Charges . of Burglary. ALL HAVE "RECORDS." Detective Shoots McArdle as He Flees in Auto Car's Li cense Plate Reported Stolen. William Butler and five compan ions, all of them men mentioned fre quently in poll co records, and several of them on bail awaiting trial for burglary, were arraigned In Jefferson Market Court to-day charged with having to do with a series of robberies of fur stores In which the thioves have been outwitting tho police and the electric protecyvo agencies by the speed with which thoy have broken Into ware rooms and escaped with I valuable skln-i. , 11 a3 HfiAWt a wenth member , . . . IT' "T ?"" V 01 mo Dana, was snot and killed' last Butler Is said by tho police 'to be tho son of Richard Butler, once ac- tlvo In pollUcal work-among labor unions, a political lieutenant of W, S. Devery after his retirement from office, and a friend of Harry Thaw at the time of the cscapo of Stanford White's murderer from Matteawan. loung Butler was a leader In the disorganized "Owney Madden Gang, long troublesome to the police. Tho other men arrested are believed to have been his associates In that body. District Attorney Banton an nounced Uiat if any of tho prisoners was already on ball his commitment without ball should bo urged. He said ho would move to put any cases pending agnlnst tho accused, men on tho preferred calendar for Immediate disposition and would Indict those who had served prison terms as sec ond offenders. Butler and his friends havo been under suspicion by Acting Capt. Sta pleton for some time. Early last Fri day morning Detective Rellly with a light car was following a heavy car driven by Butler In the .courso of this surveillance. Butler, who had sev eral men with him, evaded Rcilly in tho snowstorm, but Rellly took tho number of the license plate of But ler's cnr. It was No. 251,000, and had been Issued to a Brooklyn man whose car was stolen a month ago. Later Friday the number 251,058 was given to tho pollco an that used by "fast workers" who robbed the fur storo of Kleiner & Schwartz at No. 221 West 27th Streot. Capt. Stnpleton found the car actually entitled to this num ber was In dead sjorago and had no doubt the car followed by Rellly came from the robbery ot tho West 27th Street store. Detectives Hoffman and Foray (Continued on Second Page.) SCHOOL FIRE CALL ALARMS MOTHERS Panic at Chrystie and Hester Streets When Boy Summons Apparatus. A boy's prank brought nearly a dozen pieces of fire apparatus to P. S. No. 7. Chrystie and Hester Streets, shortly after noon to-duy and drove the hundred's of mothers and rela tives In tho neighborhood Into a panic. Whllo tho teachers were conferring with Franklin J. Keller. Principal, In his office, a boy broke tho glass ln tho private alarm box at the head ot the second floor landing. The children, more Uian 1,600 of them, had been dismissed for lunch only ten minutes Ul3lllli.i lui iijiivii before. They were i . ., j at the tlm0 nn'1 off out of the building off the streets when tho apparatus sped to the thirty. flvo clasaroom building. Nevertheless, the women In th neighborhood were alarmed nnd thn firemen had dim- -lw -ul.tlnr- hnm. Th,r Unix n cnltv nulatlnc them. The Sre. , . !

YORK, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18,

BANK CASHIER SUICIDE UNDER TRAIN IN SUBWAY

AT 72D Abraham S. August Leaps From Platform in Sight of Hundreds. TRAFFIC TIED UP. Southbound Expresses De layed 20 Minutes While Body Is Removed. Abe S. August, sixty years old, brother-in-law of Louis M'. Joseph thai, broker, with offices at No. 120 Broadway,, was instantly killed when ho leaped ln front of a subway ex press pulling into tho 72d Street Sta tion at Broadway at 9 o'clock to day. The body was Identified by Mrs. Edith Josephthal of tho Hotel Plaza In tho West 68th Street Station. Three persons on tho platform, de clared that tho dead man deliberately Jumped to the tracks when tho train was only a few feet away. "ijr. jt-weputhal Insisted, however,- tho death was accidental. Mr. AufetisC he said, had been suffering- from ver tigo for somo time and during: the past year had been brought home many times as a result of falls dur ing spells. Although the body was badly mangled, a gold watch in the man's pocket was still going when the body was removed from the po lice station. Mrs. August Is In a critical con dition as a result of her husband's death. Mrs. Josephthal said. A mar ried daughter, the only child, lives In Philadelphia. Mrs. August Is the sister of Mr. Josephthal. Motortnan James McConnell stopped his train as soon as ho could, but three cars had passed over the man's body. Thero was great commotion on tho platform and several women screamed when they saw what had happened. As soon as nosslblo power was shut off on tho southbound rails and all expresses headed that way were switched to the local tracks as far as Times Square. Twenty minutes wero required to get the body from beneath tho car and itadjust traffic. When tho body waj examined, papore and cards Indicated tl-at the man was Abraham S. Aug ust, living at tho Hotel Esplanade, No. 305 West End Avenue. Ho was, apparently, employed as cashier lor Sutro Bros. & Co., bankers and brokers, at No, 120 Broadway. WOMAN IN SUBWAY NABS MAN AS THIEF "His Hand in My Pocket," Sh; Tells Court He Accuses Her. Miss Elsio Steffens of Coytrsvill. N. J., appeared In Vorkvlllo Court to day against Pletro Cafro, No. Si3 East llith Street, accusing him of ricking her pocket last night on a lexington Avenuo express at the Crand Central. "It's Just the other way around, Judge," said Cafro. "Sho had her Imnd In my pocket and I grabbed it." But Miss Bteffens told a circum stantial story on which Cafro was teld In 12,000 bond for tho Grand Jury. Sho said she felt a hand In her pocket, whirled and caught It. Jd held on all tho way to the 125th Street citation, whoro sho dragged the ma'i iiom tho train. On tho floor where tho two had been standing spectator! found four $1 bills, which the gtr. said were hers, nnd nlso her personal card. The bills and the cud were held as evldenco. 5,000 MADE HOMELESS BY FIRE IN MANILA. Cable Mara lied Croaa ITi started nellef Work. WASHINGTON, Jan. IS Five, thousand persons were made homeless by a fire In Manila, according to a cable received here to-day bv the American Red Cross. The cahlo gave no details exrept to state that the Manila brnnrh of the tied Cross was carrying on relief work.

STREET STATION T SHOPLIFTERS' DAY Mother Would Suffer in Girl's Place, and a Husband for His Wife. 75 CASES ARE CALLED "Irresistible Impulse" Excuse Given by Nearly All the Accused, 'Mostly Women. "Irresistible Impulse" was tho ex cuse given by nearly all of seventy three persons who wero arraigned 'before1 Justcea Mciiicrncy, Salmon and Hcalcy In the Court of Special Sessions to-day to plead to charges of shoplifting In department stores during tho holiday season. Thoro were oeventy-flvo cases on the calen dar but a mother appeared to ask that she bo punished Instead of her clghteen-year-old daughter who Is 111 In a hospital, and a husband appeared with the request that ho be punished Instead of his wife, who cannot be spared from the children. These cases wore put over until tho de fendants can appear In person. Thero wero sixty-two pjeas of guilty and fines ranging from U0 to 50 wore Imposed ln all cases but one. A woman was sent to Jail for fifteen days because of a previous conviction. All tho other cases were those of first offenders. Only, six men wcro arraigned. Tho calling of seventy-five cases to-day and seventy-flvo cases moro on the calendar for to-morrow indi cates that shoplifting In New York department stores Is a dangerous pastime. One storo furnished fifty four of to-day's cases. Grandmothers who stole toys for their grandchildren, mothers who stole for their babies, school teachers, telephono operators, stenographers, housewives and clerks woro the occu pations given by the accused. Tho average value of stolen articles was under $25. A white haired, rosy cheeked old lady wearing steel rimmed eye glasses and a closo fitting bonnet trimmed with white laco was accompanied by two of her children and several neighbors who testified that she Is a church member and a woman of hith erto Impeachable Integrity. "Why did you steal?" sho was asked. "Judge," she answered,' T Just don't know. I felt something tell me to do It and I did it." A buxom young woman who came (Continued on Second Page.) HUDSON BRIDGE BILL PASSED BY SENATE Would Authorize Great River Span Linking New York and Jersey. WASHINGTON, Jan. IS. The Senate to-day passed the bill author izing construction of a bridge across tho Hudson PJver between New York and New Jersey. Tho bill Introduced by Senator Frellnghuysen provides that the Sec retary of War must approve new plans and location for the bridge lie fore work goes on. The actual work. the bill provides, must rm commenced within five years after such approval. Tho time limit for building the bridge Is extended to fifteen years. New York and New Jersey financiers, teacttar the projaot. .

" Circulation Books Open 1922.

FAMOUS CHICAGO , OPERA TENOR WHO QUITS THIS YEAR LUCIEN MURATORE- RESIST FREE STATE Raiders Seize Arms in Mayo Police Strtion and Free Leader in Cork. DUBLIN, Jan. 18 (United Press). Armed raids In tho south of Ireland to-day aro feared to bo tho first signs of Republican opposition to tho Irish Free State. Tho pollco station nt Charlcstown, In County Mayo, was attacked by armed men, who seized quantities of arms and ammunition and kidnapped three policemen. Two visitors to the Cork Jail sud denly produced revolvers and forced tho wardens to release a Republican leader under arrest for shooting a. con stable. Tho men escaped after effect ing tho rescue Coming on tho cvo of wholesale evacuation by brltlsh troops, these disturbances are causing concern as posslb'le efforts to embarrass the Provisional Government. DUBLdN, Jan. 18 (Associated Press), Tho appointment of Owen O'Duffy as Chief of Staff of tho Irish Republican Army was announced to day. Ho succeeds Richard Mulcahy, tho present Minister of Defense. OTJutfy, who Is thirty years old, has been Sinn Fein liaison officer In Northern Ireland slnoo tho truce. LONDON, Jan. IS (Associated Press). The reopening of the Hrlt Ish Parliament, which had been set for Jan. 31, has been postponed until Feb, 7, It was announced to-day. Details Tegt.rdlng tho handing over of power, In Ireland to tho now Irish Provisional Government wero dis cussed heic to-day by representatives of tho Irish Provisional regime and the members of the British Cab inet Committee, headed by Winston Churchill. Secretary for the Colonies. Tho Irish representatives wcro Eamon J. Duggan and Kevin O'iUff gins. THE WORIJ 1 IlAVKt. nUBRAC. AmO. FnUUer (World! fJulldlni. U-M rut IUw, H. Y. City. Telrpbon Ucnklnu MK. Cbcx roen for biifis. and trrl oom Ur u4 Blibt. Usn7 ttitn ud triUei cJmcU for 4l. Adrt. H Classified Ad oer Users Important! Cliartflad a4TrUatas oofrf far Tka 0a4r World abvuM On or Before Friday Preceding Publication THE WORLD

Kntrrrd as Second-CUm Matter rait Office, Mew York, ti. y.

AS J Famous French Tenor, 'Brought to Sing With Mary Garden, Resigns. CHICAGO. Jan. 18. Luclen Mura. toic, leading tenor ot the Chicago Opera Company, has resigned, It Is reported to-day. The understanding hero Is that tho famous singer, who was brought in the Chicago company to appear prin cipally with Mary Gardo'n at her re- ouest, will appear with tho organiza tion In Its forthcoming engagement in New Tork, but will leave at the end of this season, when his present con tract expires. Una Cavallnri, his wife, herself an opera slngor of prominence In the old Hati .HTsteln Opera Company, came to Chicago with Mura tore last fall to Jol ntho company. Miss Garden hav ing offered her a contract In New York last spring. No reason Is given for Muratoro's action. Tho tenor and his party will leave for New "York next week for tho Manhattan Opera House engagement. HEARD OF KILLINGS AT CAMP MERRITT Watson Witness Says He Saw Beat ings and Nurse Said Two Men Died. WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.--Chargc8 that hn saw Sergeants (beat soldier prisoners at Camp Meriitt, N. J were mado -ticfore tho Benato Investi gating Committee to-day by George O. Walters of Dunkirk, N. Y. Wai ters, a former soldier, named "Sergts. Smith and Stanley," and said their favorite method was with pickax handles. Walters said ho saw Smith and Stanley "boat man ufter man over the head until they fell unconscious to the ground." A camp hospital nurse, ho sold, told him that two of the beaten men died. Ho fixed the time as May and June of 1918. BIG EXPORT HOUSE ALLEGED BANKRUPT Involuntary Petition Filed, Though Childs & Joseph Put Assets Over Liabilities. A petition In Involuntary bank ruptcy was filed In tho United Stated District Court to-day against the firm of Childs & Joseph, Importers and exporters, with branches all over tho world. The homo offlco Is at No. 60 Wall Street. Rosenborg '& Dall filed tho petition as countel for the Natlonnl I'ar Rank with a claim of $100,000, th American Kxchange National Bank with u claim ,ot $100,000, and the flank of nrltlsh West Africa, Ltd.. with a cUim of 131,000. No allega tions ns to (labilities or assets appear. The firm was founded In 1907. At present the members are Harris R. Childs and Hugo 8. Joseph. A state ment Issued on Dec. 31, 1920, claimed assets of H,l!2,7:i and admitted lia bilities ot H.006, 282. III! WfH Alniau, IH rMiy nfwaiw iMk, it M"ti pir e.py oa ! mill, antii f (tla. H mMi. KUnm Cuhlw, Nw Ywi Wwli, Km Vara fl8. '

BROADWAY AND RECTOR S

WEATHER Rsln op Snow.

PRICE THREE CENTS Prices

UP AT T. Thoroughfares Congested With Traffic and Pedestrians as" " Explosion Occurs. TWO MEN INJURED; hi One Struck With Iron Frag ment and Another Thrown From Truck. There was an explosion at Broad way and Rector Street this afternoon when a manhole cover blew Into tho air In fragments, which caused' a panlo in the neighborhood. The two thoroughfares wer crowded at tho time. 1.45 o'clock, and with the thundering report aa..tlio!

battarttd Iran revar hrnlct.. rnini. -V

- . brnnco ot tho Wall Street bomb cr-.-y

plosion flashed Into tbo minds of all who heard it. , Instantly thero was a rush for cover. Men and women altilMt fell over ono anothor to got to places of safety. . ' Traffic, which chancd to b particu larly dense at that moment, was ln a turmoil of stopping and turning. The people dodging about tho street. In and out of the wagons, cars ana au tomobiles, added to tho confusion. Savo for the tanglo of vehicles and a trafflco policeman who was at Uio corner vainly trying to get order out of the Jumble, thoro was a flight from tho, crossing by every one who had been near it. People crowded Into doorways, wondering whether there might not bo another explosion. Tho explosion wasj followed by a flash of flamo that leaped several yards abovo the manhole, and It wjs.. eventually necessary JtorJoftfcihcn to play exGpdlstiors upon It to put It out. It was half a minute, perhaps, 1 foro tho excltoment subsided .suffi ciently to discloso that thero had been one direct victim of tho explosion. Ho was Leo W. Twomblcy, employed In tho banking and brokerago offlco of Jules H. Ilaclie, nt No, 42 Broadwuy. He was passing No. 80 Broadway, acorss the street from tho manhole, when It blew Into fragments. Ono of theso bits, weighing several pounds, struck him ln the head and face. He was found lying on tho sidewalk, bleeding profusely. Several persona went to him and carried him Into tho building at No. 80, and thero ho re ceived first aid from a surgeon on ono of tho thrco ambulances summoned Immediately after the explosion front Hudson street Hospital It was found that tils rounds wcro so serious that thoy might Indicate a fractured skull, so ho was taken to tho hospital, oa Boon as possible. Mr. Twombley lives at No. 439 North 18th Street, East Orongo. There was another man Injured oM a result of tho explosion. He Was Samuel Nusabaum, chauffeur of. ' a truck of the American Express Com pany, which hail been directed into Rector Street by tho policeman Vat the crossing In an effort to disen tangle the clutter of vehicles. In turning westward Nussbaum dropped a front wheel of his truck Into tho now open manholo and was flung violently to the street. Ho was at tended by a surgeon and stayed fojj his truck. Though tho manhole cover was broken Into numerous fragments py the explosion, u largo pleco of stone) cut from tho steps of tho offlcojot Shenrson & Hammll, brokers, at No, 71 Broadway, whoso office Is within a few yards of tho manhole, was th only mark made upon any ot tho neighboring buildings. There were thirty customers In th Shearson & Hammll offices when tho manhole blew up. and they xtatn startled by the sudden blowing: Jn;oI a window screen. No oamaga dsn in. thl omca. j


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-01-18, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281573/1922011801/0387.xml ===

THE EVENING WORLD, . WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1922. v

Evening World Ten-Second Movie of Big People in Action

P 1 W 1

Louis Marshall's Dramatic Call to the Jews of New York

to Relieve vSuffering: in Europe

"Jfo American Jew with an.

Imagination can cat or glwp In comfort aniens he (rites to his starring brothers in Europe."

Xot since medlacTal times hate Jews been so pcrsccntcd. At least 560.000 haye perished In Ukraine pogroms'

"The suffering may be sum marlied In terms of children. There are aj jioineiess little ones In Eastern Europe."

"Hundreds of thousands of

starring people would be glnd to get horse went to eat."

"Our people ask only to be helped to help themselves. It is not natural for them to be beg; gars."

"We plnn to repatriate 400,000 Jewish refugees, and to glfg them their old opportunity to cam a llvlnu.'

wWc are not going to ask for tithes because some persons

slogan will . 'qi;e all

yon cnnl' Surely a curse will

can and ought to gle more than rest on those who do not gWe to

the limit of their ability.?

onference of Mayors Propose

to Move for Change in

Jew Persecution Greater Now Than Since Medieval Days, Says Louis Marshall

Stirring Appeal for $6,000,000, Raised in New York Zone, Noted Lawyer Says a Curse Will Rest on Those Jews Who Re fuse to Aid Victims of Bloody Pogroms in the Ukraine and Elsewhere.

Senator Summoned to Lead

Fight Will Confer With

O'Brien To-Day. "If that decision stands," said

yor Hylan to-day, speaking of the

jnanlmoua verdict of the Court of

Appeals that tha Miller Transit Law

constitutional, "we can nver have

Rome rulo until tho Constitution of

tie State Is amended.

"The people of tho cities aro prac-

Jcally deprived of every vested right.

Dd I hope no court will hold that the eople of New York and other cities

(the State can be shot at sunrise."

It was said at City Hall that the

ourt of Appeals decision, partial-

Mrly that part which, In the language

a high official, makes tho city "a

iere vassal of the State," will liifuxo

lew llfo into, the Homo Rulo movo lcnt among Mayors of cities and lvelhat organization additional cx uso for Its existence

It Is known that that part of the

fcbpeals Court ruling referred to Is Rat cities have nothing to do with heir own government and that the Itate can mako up the city budgets If

. sees fit and otherwise has complete

lontrol over the finances of the city.

Mayor Hylan will Xxgin Imme

diately a State-wide drive among

Mayors to have the State Constitu

tion amended In this respect. Ho be-

loves that the action of tho Court of

Lppeals is very opportune and that

lie decision portrays clearer than

Iver the great necepelty for a change.

(jorporauon counsel unrlen niis knWa hurry call to United Statoi

Ienator Hiram Johnson, of Caltfoin.a. le city's special counsel in Its trie

Ion fight. The Senator will airive

jero from Washington late this -of-

lirnoon and will Immediately go into

Inference with Mr. O'Brien.

Lit was announced at tho Law Da

Utaient to-day that Mr. O'Brieu

ka received the full text of the court

pdslon by special messenger from

llbany and that ha is "now study

he It very carefully."

No effort will be made by the

transit Commission to seek affirm

Mvo orders In the courts to obtain

lie money that has been denied by

he Board of Estimate for salaries

pd other expenses. Instead, tho

bmmlsston will wait until the meet

!.g of the Board of Estimate on Frt

by and see If the money is forth

bmlng. It it Is not then orders will

I Attorneys to-day said that the usual

burse for an appeal by the Corpora

fcn Counsel would be to- ask for a

Irlt of error, but pending a final do

Islon of tho United States Supreme' fcurt there coutd be nothing dono 1st would prevent the payment by

le city of the expenses for the com-

Marguerite Mooers Marshall. Because tho suffering of tho Jews of Eastorn Europe Is greater now than at any time since 1914, the Jews of America arc raising $11,000,000 for their relief. Of this sum, $J,000,000 Is tho quota for Zone 2, which In cludes Ne-v York State, Hhodo Island, -Connecticut and Northern New Jer sey. Of the (6, 000, 000, the sum of $5,000,000 must be subscribed In New York City during an Intensive cam paign beginning Feb. 19 nnd ending March 4. "No American Jew with an Imagi nation can cat u good meal or sleep In comfort, or carry on his lolly busi ness In security unless he gives of his abundance to his starving, shelterless, disorganized brothers in Poland, Ga llcla, Lithuania, the Ukraine," Louis Marshall, the great lawyer and

Chairman of tho American Jewish Relief Committee, told me earnestly th his ol flee at No. 120 Broadway. In the seven years of his Chairmanship

this committeo and Its allied organi

zations have raised the enormous sum

of $47,000,000 for tho relief of Euro

'Not since medieval times." con

tinued Mr. Marshall, "have Jews suf

fcred from such persecution as they havo endured not only during the war but since the war. In our In vestigation of pogroms and tho

deaths caused by tlicm we have bern most conservative In our estimates;

yet It 1b beyond question that -.t least 250,000 Jews a quarter of a

million have perished in- the po

groms of the Ukraine, From two to

ten murderous raids have been made on many of the villages. "One of the most Illuminating and pathetic pictures of the suffering of

Jews In Kastcrn Europu Is tho Mim-

mary of that suffering In terms of little children. In all the United

States there nre but 10,000 Jewish orphans. In Eastern Europe there

aro thirty times that number no

less than 300.000 homeless, helpless little ones, tragic victims of the war

and of the pogrom. It wrings the

heart to think of them."

larold Stern, twenty-two, formerly

the 8th United States Infantry.

Dd for trial on charges of desertion

Id escaping from military prisons,

im the military prison on tiov-

lor"a Island. He took two revolrs

I Far and wrjr ""' """ ' f'n drami

Men in inia oounirj" lootioa American,

Then a smile, that had in it some

thing of prldo as well as sympathy, crept into the blue eyes behind Mr.

It h different," ho said, "in tno

border countries, such as Poland nnd Galicla nnd Lithuania. Thero our

neonlo ask only to be helped to help

themselves. It ts not natural for them

to be beggars. Before the war, poor as many of them were, there was no cry for old. Often they came to this country almost penniless, and, whllo

I do not wish to draw invidious com parisons, I think I may say that they have contributed to the productive wealth of America at least as much as any other group of the same size.

We ulnn. with a part of the relief

fund of $14,000,000, to repatriate at least 400,000 Jewish refugees, to give them a fresh start In their old homes.

the tools of their trade, tr uiey nre manual workers; agricultural imple ments. If they are farmers; credit. If they are merchants. As I havo said ronentedlv. all that tho Jew ever

needs Is an opportunity. If you throw

him overooaru in miu-oceau wmiuui a life-belt or without n plank, ho Is

human enough to sink nnd to drown: but if you throw him a plank, I will vouch for him that, slow though his progress may be, he will in tho end reach dry land. We wunt American Jewry to throw tho Jews of Eastern Europe a plank." "But do you think tho 1,500,000 Jews in Zone 2 of your campaign will feel that they nm ralso $6,000,000 Just at this time?" I asked. "Won't they say that It's hard times over hero?" "What do our hard times mean com pared with the hard times of our brothers overseas'."' challenged Mr. Marshall. "I have one answer which 1 always give to I he objection you have suggested. 1 nxk the person who makes it to let ills mind run back and tako nn Inventory of the possessions he or his father had when lie on inn t) this country. Such an Inventory won't take long; there will b.e too few Items on the list. Then let him com pare it with what ho now possesses. He will thus be convinced that ho is in a position to give to those whoso status Is now tho same, or worse, than his own when ho arrived in America."

I asked Mr. Marshall if non-Jews would be asked to contribute to tho fund of $14.00Q.000. "Wo snail be glad to receive gifts

from any one, but I do not think wo.

hould solicit contributions troin others than Jewish people themselves," ho replied, quickly and firmly. ".Most of them, I assure you, need only to have their attention called to the stato of affairs. Nevertheless, we shall make a more Intensive campaign than ever before. After all, the quota tor Zona 2 means only $4 per individual Jew a day's pay for a workman. "We are not going to nsk for any specific proportion, however, such as b tithe because" Mr. Marshall smiled his candid and childllko smile "there aro persons who can and ought to give more than a tithe. Our slogan will be, glvo all you can!' I have faith that is what most Jews will want to do."

ho finished, confidently. "Surely a

curse win rest on those who ran to givo to the limit of their ability."

William J. Guard Says He Never Mas Heard Slar Com plain of Mme. Jcrit.a. Gornldlnn l'nrrar denied herself to icporters to-day "except through ap pointment by wilting," so there was no direct word from her over her an nounced retirement fro mtlie Metro politan Opera Company ut the close of this season. It is Miss l'"arrar's declared inlcn t'on to go on u concert tiMr of tho country which will last at least a yenr, lieglnnins In California next Oc tober She will sing in Cuba for tho first tlmn In February, 192 When Information was sought fium William Guard, publicity dliector of tho opera company, ho said: "Mr. Gattl-Casazza, tho general mnnager of the company, offered Miss Karrar a three-month's contract at tho termination of her present con tract on April 22. Hut she said she had long before made up her mind to undertake tho conceit tour. It will give her a chance to sing In Cuba, und will, of couisu, provo

much moro rcmunerntlvo than her engagement with this company." Ho was then asked If he know of the existence of any penlousy be tween Miss Kurrar and Mme. Maria Jcrltza, the Viennese singer, who has already sung one of Miss Farrar'8 favorite Miles and Is to Blng othora this season. "No Jealousy that I'vo ever heard Miss Karrar express," ho replied. "The three-months contract of fered her by Mr. Gattl-Casuzza, ' ho want on, "is In line with his new policy of varying tho singers or thn companv during the season, and hereafter he does not Intend to make long contracts. This plnn was put ,nto effect when Mme. Jerilza rang In Tosca for tho first time heru last month."

DEATH THREATS FORCED MARRIAGE, WIFE CHARGES Mlnlnlrr Who Performed Cere mony to llr Niitiimonrtl. Mrs. Adelaide lxuljie Vlau 'IJeffeman, twentj years old and pretty, told Jus-' t'co fohala i In Supremo Court to-day that lir husband, Cleonee 1". Hoffcrnnn, twenty-elsht, only secured her promise t-i marry him by threat to kill her. Sho Ls peeking annulments. Justice Cohalan adjourned tho oae for

cfiunscl to have the Itev. Heglnald H. Starr, of No. 529 West 119th .Street, In

eouri 10 iru juai nrnai irannpired ttx tl,i weddln ceremony. Dr. Starr la a retired Eplsropnl minister. He once Was iunected with Tr!n'ly Church here, o 'A tear fnllonn a Hinllr In Orphan of thr Storm " 'ClmUnil Newt). Alollo Thrktr now.- Adit.

NOTE 10 HUSBAND SAVES BABY'S LIFE

Man Arrives in Time to Prevent Jealous Woman Killing Child and Self.

"Sho. stolo my husband and 1 couldn't stand It" was tho explanation Mrs. Hclmina Hrnzelman gave to

day In Jail In Freehold. N. J., for

killing her slater. Miss Oermalno Weasols, last Sunday In their home In Soutft Eatontown, near Long Branch. She remained In the houso with the body until It was dlscoverod yesjer day by her husband, Frederick Iten-

zelman, chauffeur for a family that

summers at Deal lleaclt. Renzelmnn's work keeps him In

New York much of tho time. His

wife nnd their fourteen-months-old

son had lived In an Isolated houa,' '

with a dog for protection. Twoiotf. months ago Mrs. rtonzelman sent to,,,.

Qermnny for her sister, who wu

twenty-seven yours old, paying bar

Hho said her husband bocame

interested in her ulster that he neg-. ,; lectrd her nnd thn baby, and last

Friday sho camo to New York and

found llenzeiman nnn tno woman to-'

gether. Sho decided to kill her sis-

tor, tho bauy, tho uog ana nerswr.. Mrs. Hehzelinan said she planned

to kin Miss Weasels Saturday, but her nerve failed until early Sunday. Bho'

lipped into her room, found her. " sleeping and shot her In tho head. Her .- courago waned again and she was unnblo to lcaw tho room for hours ' , because of th body on the bed. -"Finally." sho said, "I pulled It on tho floor." Rcnzelman. In New York yestr day. received a letter from his wife" giving thu usual neighborhood nrra': and ending: "I am going to kill the baby, my,,,,, sister, tho dog and myself." , , He caught tho first train nnd found tho baby playing on tho floor. He " '

heard a shot. Ills wlfo walked In with a revolver and announced she had killed thn dog. He took the weapon from her ua Bhe was pointing It, at tho baby. Henzolman called In tho authorities and his wife was held without ball by Juatlce of the Peace Rtove. Renzel tnan wns released In $1,000 ball M a witness. He said his wife undoubt edly was unbalanced. Shots thirty-, ond years old.

, Then Mr. Marshall explained why h Is especially Important that the $14,000,000 for JewlBh relief be raised at Just this time. "There aro two reasons," ho said. "At last we are able to get Into the Ukraine, where up to the Dresent

time condltlons-have been chuotlc,

and two of our own workers. Prof. Frledlnnder and Knbbl Cuntor, met their death. And in Poland. Lithu ania, Galicla, Czecho-Slovakla and other regions it Is now possible to do permanent, constructive work, putting Jewish families and, Indeed, whole settlements on their feet, since arrangements havo been made with tho local Governments to 'protect Jewish citizens against discrimina tion and abuse.

"Our agents have been working in

co-operation wim tno American He

lief Administration, and with tho

society of Frienas, in Russia, and

Dr. Frederick Rosenblatt will sail next week. The suffering thero Is appal ling. My friend. James H, Becker, who was on the ground as Director of the Joint Distribution Committeo, has told how hundreds of thousands

of starving people would be glad to

get norse meat to eat, now there were times when lie himself was glad

to make a meal of ratsl in Russia

alone thero aro upward of 1.000.000

Jewish refugees who are shelterless

"In the Ukraine we must feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, care for the children and the sick. There aro

whole arenB os large as the Stato of

New jersey wun oniy a single doctrr, and hospital facilities are wretchedly Inadequate. We do not yet know

enough about conditions In this coun

try devastated by countless robber bands to be sure of what we can do tn the way of permanent relief."

GiveWARD'S HOME SPUN BREAD a thorough trial. Leave a standing order with your grocer today.

The Simple Life Is Best When over-rich foods bsgin to pall, what a reliet it is to get back to the simple, natural foods which Nature intended we should eat ! If you are tired of fancy dishes and want to give your jaded appetite a real treat try WARD'S HOMESPUN BREAD The 100 Whole Wheat Bread A real whole wheat bread not merely a name. Cut out the rich and fancy dishes nnd try thi3 delicious bread for one week at evrry meal. You will be surprised to find how much better you will ,-feel. Made from old stone process whole wheat flour and milk Nature's greatest foods. "Nothing Added Nothing Taken Away."

0PPENHEIM.1INS & (g 34th Street-New York Drastic Clearance Reductions1

75 High-Class Fur-Trim md Coats For Women and Misses Formerly to 195.00 95.00

75 Coats, Wraps and Capes For Women and Misses Formerly to 150.00 75.00

50 Women's and Misses' Suits Regular Values to 55.00 Reduced to 29.75

100 Women's and Misses' Dresses Tailored Cloth Models Values to 39.75 18.00

85 Misses' Evening Dresses Values to 45.00 Reduced to 20.00

150 Misses' Tailored Suits Values to 45.00 Reduced to 15.00

150 Misses' Fur-Trimmed Coats Values to 78.00 Reduced to 38.00

Women's Jh'p'ls, 2nd Floor

Misses' Dcp'ts, 3rd Floor


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-02-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281573/1922021501/1009.xml ===

TO-NIGHT'S WEATHER Sleet or Snow.

"IF IT HAPPENS IN

NEW YORK ITS IN

VOL. LXII. NO. 21,973

8 GUNMEN TRAPPED FN RAID

AS BAND OF Federal Agents an J Police Sur-j round House and Take Gang! After a Battle, Only One; Man Getting Away. Plot to Extort S25,ooo l-'romj Los Angeles Business .Wan Is, Linked Up With the Murderi of Film Director. LOS ANGELKS, Feb. 15 Eight alleged blackmailers and proles '. slotml gunmen, arrested during t'.ie,' night, will be grilled by District At-! torney Woolwine to-day as to tliel: whereabouts on the night of the murder of William Desmond Taylor, movie dlrcctpr. Tho eight i men woro captured, by Federal--agents' after a pistol fight In which many shots were fired. They are being held on charges of conspiracy to extort ?2u,000 from a wealthy Los Angeles business man whose name is withheld. A nltith man, thought to have been wounded, escaped. In the arrest?, i ho ollicers bolievo they havo broken up a r.ng which lias been extorting money irom m.in.v business men hen; hv sending idlers threatening death if they did not comply with its demands. One busi ness man notified the authorities and a plant was arranged. Packets of paper sllps.backed with $1 bills wero placed behind n sign board in compliance with the orders of tho alleged rxtottloni.sts. Kveiy Hvailablo Government agent, deputy sheriff and private Inve.stisator was sent to surround the hpot. .V man appeared at the appointed hour mid took tho packets. He was fired upon, fell to tho ground but arose quickly and ran away. The officers followed a trail of blood to t'10 house wlieie tho arrests wero made. Tho agents and deputy sheriffs surrounded the house and lushed it. A volley from the windows and doci'3 greeted them but they forced an on nance and seized the eight men. Tho packets were found in tho house, tho agents s-ald, but the man who :;ot them was not believed to bo among thoso urrcsted. One Federal agent said tho arrcsla might lead to a solution of the mur der of Taylor. A typewriter of peculiar make, with which, it was charged, tho threaten ing letters wero written, was found In the houso raided, IV was paid. William Davis, chauffeur for Mabel Normand, screen actress, was sched uled for another questioning this morning. Sheriff's deputies, who cling to tho belief that F.dwnrd P. Sands, missing former secretary-butler to Taylor, had nothing to do with the case, were un derstood to have obtained somo Inlur piatlon which made it desirable to have Davis quizzed again by tho Dis trict Attorney. It was understood the additional Information did not tend to Involve Davis. The chauffeur previously bad cor roboratcd the statement of Miss Nor mand, who was one of the last to see Taylor alive, that tho director accom panied her to her automobile when she left his npartmcnta shortly beforo he was slain. Mack Bennett, film producer and manager for Miss yorniand, has been fiucstloned by a representative of the District Attorney n tho hopo he might 1)0 able to give some information, but without results, it is nnnounced. Sen nett said ho would bo glad to aid tho authorities In every wny. Rewards totalling $1,600 have lxon offered for information leading to tho anest and conviction of tho mur dered. District Attorney Woolwino gold to-day that nono of the princi pal In tho case has been exonerated. 1 refuse absolutely to go Into tho question of why numerous persons brought into the caso have not boon exonerated, In view of their apparent tatlafactory statements," ho said.

Copj rlelit (New Tork World J hy I'resi rubllidiliij Company, 1022.

30 10 35 MILLIONS

i 'resident Expected to Send in J Message on Proposal in a ' Dav or J wo. : (From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. Piesi dent Harding will present tile Ad ministration Ship Subsidy proposal to Congress within a few days; it was learned to-day after a dinner srtven ii Cbaiiman Allcrt 1). Lasker of the I I'nlted States Shipping Hoard last ! night to nipinliors of tho .Mei chant .Marino Committee of the Smttc and House. It will embody recommendations for iilroet and indirect subsidies woiked out in elaborate detail. The complete Administration plan, in written form, was laid before the Republican mem bers of the two legislative committees by Chairman Lasher, who explained at a session winch bioke up at 1 o'clock this morning, to the com mittee members. They agreed unani mously to accept the programme in substance, and informed Mr. Lasker he could so notify the President. A Republican Senator fcaid to-dty lie understood the I.asker proposal, lepresenting the Adm.nlstratlon pro Kiamme, will be incorporated in a PloMdenlial message. Ho sjild lie ex pected (he President to submit it "m u day or two." Direct subsidies are provided In the Administration piogrammc in tho 1oi m of graduated allowances based on speed of vessels. It is proposed to pay vessel owners varying rates per ton per hundred miles with onc bair cent per ton per bundled miles the minimum. The lates would in-i-iease an-niiling to the speed of the esscl. II Is estimated that this di iccl subsidy would cost tho Govern ment thirty to thirty-five million dollars annually out of public lunds. The committee members agreed to piepare and push legislation carry ing nn appropriation In this amount lor that purpose. In addition to tho direct subsidies, it is proposed to erect a system of indirect subsidies. These, It was learned to-day, contemplate carrying all American mail in American ship bottoms, requiring a fixed propor tion of immigrants entering the 1'nited Slates to sail in American ships and call lor preferential rail rates on American goods destined for shipment In American bottoms to foreign ports. NAVY YARD LOSES LEVIATHAN JOB WASHINGTON, Feb. 13 Tho con trite! for lecondllloning tho giant liner Leviathan was formally awarded by the Shipping Board to-day to tho Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Com pany. The ltostoii Navy Yard, whllo losing out on the contract award, will come In tit the wiml-up, as when tho contractors finish their part, tho Leviathan will fctuani to the- Boston Navy Yard, where she will so in drydock to have her hull painted. Tho cost of this will bo $191, OUO, which is Included in the total cost of $s,2uo.ouu. Immediately after tho award Hip con tract was signed by Homer L. Fergu son, President of the company, and by members of the Shipping Hoard. Glm bet Ill-other of New York were awarded the contract for stewards' equipment ni.il lnteiior furnishing for $351,000. TIIK WOULD TltAVEI, ItlltKAU. Arraili-. IMlitrr (Worlill Jiutltflna. 53 83 Tit -- - .. , , ... firimuiir imnnin 1IHit I liH-k ronm f.ir httmt in, I r'rrtii nun du and ........ i'iutii im utrcam raeiu rr ie. Advt.

"Circulation Books Open to All"

IN CENTRAL PARK Forces Victim to Face Tree,! Hands Up, While Her Male Aides "Clean Him." SHE GIVES ALL ORDERS. "Bill" and "George"' Obey With the Pride of Teachers in Well Trained Pupil. Policemen closely scrutinized avery brown and white taxlcab early to-day in hope of finding one carrying a handsomely dressed woman highway man, wearing u sealskin coat and dia monds, and her two assistants. Tho woman robber, according to Abra ham Cohen of No. 1116 Kelly Street, Bronx, owner of the taxi. Is about the classiest thing In her line In the city. Cohan was cruising In 116th Street last night when the woman and two men hailed him and told him to drive them to 42d Street and Broadway. "Go through the park on your way down," the woman added. Cohen was driving down tho Kast Drive of Central Park when one of his passengers rapped on the glass and the woman said: "Please stop at the next crossing." He brought the taxi to a stop at about 102d Street, and the woman and her companions got out. The woman opened her handbag and fumbled around In It, Cohen thought for the money with which to pay him. In stead she drew a revolver, poked It close to his face and said In a ousl-ness-llkc tone: "Step down off that car, and hands up! Steady now! Stand against that tree with your back toward us." With the woman close behind him holding the muzzle of the revolver to the back of his head, Cohen obeyed. Onco against the tree, the woman said: "Keep up your bands and don't open your mouth or I'll shoot you!" Tho part delegated to the malo rob bers appeared to bo limited to going through tho chauffeur's pockets. They searched him thoroughly, taking all he had, about $18. "Have you cleaned him?" asked the woman, as her neatly gloved hand continued to toy with the revolver. "Yes, he's clean," replied one of the men. "Well, you run the machine and Bill and I will ride Inside." Again address ing Cohen, she said: "Now you walk over, to the side of the road there, face north, keep your hands up, and don't look around until we get away." Cohen walked to tho spot Indicated. One of the meo took the wheel of tho taxi, the other got In with the woman and they drove away at high speed, going south. Cohen ran until he found a policeman and an alarm was sent to policemen at various park entrances, but tho robbers and tho stolen taxicab were not Intercepted. Cohen mado a detailed report of the hold-up later at tho Arsennl Station. Cohen told tho police tho attitude of the two men was one of prldo at tho finished technique of the woman, who may have been their pupil. He said the Impression' he got was that tho men wero professionals and were leaving tho whole Job except tho search, to her, to see how well she got away with It, and that they ap peared to approve of her even to the curl of scorn on her Hps when she saw how llttlo money he had. She stuffed It into her handbag without evening deigning to count It. Tho last words ho heard her say were: "Bill, you ride with me. George, you drive. Let's go!" OALI.KU FIIIK KXOIVIW TO C1IVC IIKH MK1JICA1. AW. noxee Lockman, forty-two. No. 260 Sixth Street, Manhattan, pulled a fire box at Fulton Street and r.alph Ave nue, Brooklyn, to-day and waited until tho fire apparatus arrived with much difficulty tlnough the snowod up streets. Sho admitted sending the nlarm. In (iatm Avenue Court che told Magistrate Lloln ?ho felt she needed immediate medical assistance and called the fire men. She was committed to the Kings County Hospital for observation.

YORK, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15,

E ONE 1L PAY JOLLY WELL FOR Mr. Brownlow of Park 'Lane, I.unnon, May Even Be Cause of Rupture of Entente. ALL IS OVER GAMBLING. He Is Held and Calls "Lord Auckland" for Aid, but Lordship Is Silent. Great indignation prevailed in tho West Side Court to-day from the time Mr. Henry It. Brownlow of No. 16 Park Lane, London, was taken before Magistrate Frothingliam by Detectives Iiurpeau and Williamson of Inspector I'.olan's staff until he was released on $500 bail for an examination Feb. 23 on a charge of having- gambling para phernalia in his possession at his rooms at No. 105 West Duth Street. Take It from Mr. Brownlow, his at rest was an outrage upon a highly respectable subject , of a friendly na tion, and wns due to the act of one who wasn't sporting and that's fiat. Moreover, nib the -BobWes who hud anything to do with the thing are going to hear Mr. Biownlow, he said, from his particular friend connected with the police, and it will serve them jolly well right and bedam to them if tiiry get bally well cashiered. The detectives said they had an anonymous telephone message last night from an excited person who said he had "been trimmed out of 100 in cheeks In a roulette game" in Brownlow's rooms. They wont to the house and obseived the telephone operator starting to announce them without being asked to do so. They shut off tlu telephone, went up unan nounced and Burpeau scratched at tho bottom of the door and me-i-ou-ed like a hungry kitty. They heard u British voico say: "Oh, let the cat In." The door was opened and they found four men about n loulette wheel, one of whom wns Ir. Brown low. His indignation began then nn I there with remarks about an Knglish man and the identity between his home and his castle. Nevertheless, the detectives gath ered up chips, $500 in cash and a bundle of checks In which $400 worth were signed by Nathan Goldflnger. Mr. Biownlow seemed to think Mr. Goldflnger had sent tho detectives and spoke of him in a belittling strain. At the police station Mr. Biown low insisted on being allowed to send for Lord Auckland at tho Bucking ham Hotel. The desk lieutenant called the hotel. Lady Atickland an swered the telephone and Mr. Brown low spoke to her. "Brownlow, my lady," he said, "I wanted to ask his lordship to help mo a bit. Its the bobbles you know. They came Into my rooms ond marie a frightful hash over a little game they had there and they're calling me a 'common gambler'; why yen, your ladyship, it is outrageous; quite outrageous." Apparently Lord Auckland was out. for .Mr. Biownlow told the detectives with a "now-see-wliat-you've-brought-on-yoursclves" air, that her ladyship had promised Lord Auckland would bo right over as soon as In camo In, Lord and Lady Auckland aie guests at tho Buckingham, It was said there to-day. But Lord Auckland had not nppenrod at the police station or at court up to the time Mr. Brownlow. still Indignant, got a bondsman and walked out. HARDING CAN'T SEE ANY HOUSING RELIEF Doubts if New Laws Will Help Not Sure That Attempt Should Be Made. WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. President Harding In a letter to Senator King, Democrat, Utah, mado public to-day by the latter, declared ho considered it inadvisable at this time to call a National Housing Conference. Tho lixecittlvo also asserted that he did not know "of a legislative pallia tive" to relieve home shortages, and added that he very much double 1 "If we ought to try to create one."

IN TAYLOR MURDER INQUIRY

TWO GRAND JURIES INDICT 19 FOR ALLEGED SWINDLES. IN BUCKET SHOP OPERATIONS

Most of Those Named Are Said to Have Fled From the Ju risdiction of the Court. TO RUSH U. S. CASES Daugherty Plans to Clear Docket Now After Two Years' Delay in Trials The two Grand Juries which aie In vestigating Wall -Street bucket shop frauds found Indictments against nineteen persons to-day. Bench war rants wero Issued ond put In the hands of Detectives Rayncs, Flood, Cunniff and Russo for service. It is believed by Assistant District At torneys Simmons and Schcrlbcr that most of the persons indicted have fled from the Jurisdiction of the local courts. The additional General Sessions Grand Jury found Indictments charg ing grand larceny against twelve per sons. The names of the accused wero not made public. In tho Supreme Court seven per sons were indicted. One, Samuel T. Greenfield of No. 1893 Vyso Avenue, Bronx, surrendered himself tills after noon and was arraigned beforo Jus tice Finch, who fixed bail at $7,500, which was furnished. Greenfield, It Is charged, acted as agent for Franklin Taylor & Co., Inc., No. 67 Exchange Place, In swindling David Gardiner, sixty ycats old, of No. 3 East 82d Street, a member of the old Gardiner family, owners of Gardiner's Island in Long island Sound. Investigation has shown that the Taylor concern began business u couple of months ago with $200 cash in bank, a lot of telephone Instal ments and elaborately furnished of fices. Mr. Gardiner was called up from the Gardiner office and asked it he was not tho owner of $70,000 worth of a certain oil stock. He replied In the affiimativc and waa Informed that tho firm had a purchaser for tho stock at an attrac tive price. The upshot was that Greenfield called on Mr. Gardiner and persuaded him to swap his $70,000 worth of good stock for shares of other stocks which ore, according to Assistant District Attorney Ungcr, who has -looked them up, practically worthless. DAUGHERTY TO RUSH STOCK FRAUD TRIALS NOW AFTER DELAY "Oil Swindle" Indictments, Naming 50 Defendants, Hang Fire in U. Court Here. A despatch from Washington to Tho Evening World announcing that Attorney General Daugherty is "pre paring a drive to clear tho Federal dockets of stock swindling cases" brings to light the tact that in this city alone fifty-one cases, Involving 23S indicted persons and $15,182,110 alleged losses by victims, aro await- (Continued on Second Page.) FINES URGED FOR PROSECUTORS IF INDICTMENTS FAIL Judge Rosalsky Censures Wallace When He Drops Case Called to Trial. Ten-dollar fines for District At torneys who ask Indictments only to have them dismissed later was urged by Judse Rosalsky to-day in General Sessions. "We are too free with the rind ing of indictments in this coun tiy," he said, when Assistant Dis trict Attorney Wallace declared it bad been decided to drop the caso against a defendant called fnr trial. "If there were a penalty of $10 put upon the District At torney whenever an Indictment failed to be pushed there would be less taxation nnd also less per sons looking for the Job."

I "Circulation Books Open 1922, FROM NORTHEAST Two 'Die, Overcome by 'Ex . haustion Caused by Heavy Banks of Snow. The snow storm that blanketed New York 4.6 Inches deep this morning was followed by the issuance of a warning from the Weather Bureau to tho ef fect that a northeast galo Is about to strike tho coast from Eastport, Me., to New York, with disturbances off the Virginia Capes. The Intensity, It is piedlcted, will Increase. Two deaths aro attributed to the ex ertion of getting about through the snow. Gustavo Dleblgsch, sixty-eight, of No. 341 East 66th Street, collapsed near his home. Ho was dead when u physician arrived from the Reception Hospital. (Jem go Bemig. sixty, of No. 209 East S2d Street, fell to the sidewalk ill front of No. 251 East 82d Street. Ho was dead when Dr. Kaye of Flower Hospital arrived. Tho depth of snow this morning was at first expected to lio tho great est of tho season, eclipsing the earlier 7-inch fall, but at 10 o'clock It changed to sleet. Stteet Cleaning Commissioner Taylor, however, got nut a.11 bis apparatus and announced thnt ho would employ as many men as could lie obtained. Ho expected 10,000, and they wero lecrulted at the 103 stations scattered thioiighoiit (ln city. In most parts of New Yoik there wns very llttlo trallic delay, the trans portation companies getting their ploughs and swcepois out as the snow began to fall. Such delajs as did ne cur wcie caused mostly by vehicles stalled on surfneo oar tracks. Traffic moved on an almost normal scbcdulo In Jersey City, Newaik and other New Jersey towns where the cleaning forces got an rruiy start. No delays of railroad tians were re ported. Ferry service sftffercd because of tho high wind as well as on account of tho difficulty of seeing through tho thick ntmosphero. In several Instances fen boats were from twenty minutes to half an hour behind their schedules. Emergency crews or tho B. R. T. wero at work on the tiaiks in Biook lyn soon after tho snowfall began and no serious traffic delays weio report cd. There wero a few brief delays, however, caused by vehicles on the tracks and trutllc was slowed up a bit during the rush hours. The storm delayrd incoming ships to somo extent, causing them to wait at Quarantine. Among these wero iho Adriatic, from a Mediterranean cruise: tho Olympic, fiom Southampton; the Ruchambcau, fiom H.-me, and the Yucatan, from Havana Statcn Island was reported to be harder hit than tho other iKiioughs, and tho snow there was deeper than at tiny other time tins season. Sev eral municipal trolley hues wcie de layed and tho lino between St. Geoige and Richmond wns tied up by hoax v drifts, and It was exixatod to take until noon to clem it. The only city lines running on noim.il schedule won tho bus lines between Meier's Coi ners, Sea View Hospital and I.ino leumvlllo. WOMEN BOOTLEGGERS WEAR GALLON TANK PKABODY, Mass.. F-b. 1." -Women bootleggers aro wearing moonshine containers under their waists, I'hlef of Pollen M. A. Ciraily nil. I lo-dny. lb had shown In court a nwu r mak, ron tructed like a b.i. b..ll ..t. h r's UieM protector. In conneetldi Willi Ids leports of a raid on tho hum. of .Mrs. Annie Shanaway. The contiinei mid a still were seized and At f. shanaway was fined $.10. Chief Oraily explulnnl thnt If an order for moonshine wns i.i h-i.l the con tainer, which hold- .i .- ilh -n, win nileil and itrapixMl to tie- h--l - "f the boot legger, who was mIiI- t . en Into the utreets with It foi Uillwiy without detection.

Rntrrrd as Second-Class Matter I'ot Office, New York, M. T.

TROOPS IN BAYONET CHARGE SCATTER BELFAST RIOTERS; DEATH TOLL MOUNTS TO 30

BURGLAR ALARM SCARES CAPITOL ON ITS PAY DAY It Rings Twice and Senate Clerks and Police Dash to Office of Disbursing Officer. WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. A near panic occurred In thu Capitol to-day wheal tho burglar alarm Installed by Secretary San derson of tho Scnato sounded. Sennto lerks and other em ployees stopped work. In u moment tho burglar alarm rang u second time. The clerks rushed to tho disbursing officer's office, accompnnicd by a squad of Capi tol police. They found somebody had been tnmpcrlng with the ularm. The scare subsided as quickly as It be gan, but it was ical enough 'while It .lasted, for to-day Is pay day In tho Capitol. SMOKE IN PLAZA ALARMS GUESTS Cune 1-roin Burning Draperies in Rose Ballroom Blaze Quickly Extinguished. Guests In tho Plaza Hotel were alaimcd nt 9 o'clock to-day by a stiong smell of smoke drifting through tho corridors and penetrating suites on all the floois abovo the flist. Scores of them telephoned to tho offlco to givo an alarm that the hotel was on fire or to ask what was tho matter. All wero assured that the "fire" was nut before the smoke (cached them and there had at no time been nny danger to tho guests. Sparks from u broken electric wlro crossing tho frame of a window of the Roso ballroom on tho first floor on tho 48th Street side had set flro to tho heavy drapery, which had blazed up until eleuners at work In tho room pulled It down and stamped out tho 'flames. Tho damage to tho drapeiy and tho ndjacent wall decorations was estimated nt $1,000. A fire alarm was given but tho Inst spark was out befoie the arrival of tho firemen. WOMAN CATAPULTED OUT OF SUBWAY TRAIN Hurt hi II ii li Hour Jam on Writ Hide I. Inc. So tightly were the passengers Jam med Into a car of a West Side Subway train this morning that at 9 o'clock when It reached 72d Street with tho opening of tho side door, Mrs. Lena Pratt of No. 602 West 137th Street was catapulted out and upon tho platform. Suffering from contusions sho was at tended and sent to her home. The WorlcTs Real Estate Ads. Sell 13 Houses GEORGE M. MURRAY IlEAI, EBTATB AND INaUrtANCB, Morris Park, L. I. February 10. 192 liorough Advertising Agency, 3(7 Kulton at., iirooKiyn, N. x. Gentlemen: Kindly Insert the Inclosed adver tising In The World Feb. 10, 11 and 12. Hprcafter I shnll use The World exclusively, as I have made thirteen sales during the month of January mrnugii vt una auvrrupuiff, nT vcTru'y'yoiirs. W'U contInue' 1 1

BUO. ji, MUKRAT. ' ,nu "if"' oouin aro lacing cacn ! other, has brought somo relief from tho en80n surrounding tho Irish sit -The Sunday World's 600,000 Readers, uation. Havo Great Buying Power. j Michael Collins, head of tho Irish ' Provisional Government, haa obtained

mm H33E PRIOE THREE CENTS Ritle Fire 'Fails in Renewal of Fighting After a Brief Perial of Quiet and Order Is Given lor Direct Attack. Seventy Are Already Wounded in Latest Outbreak, With Rioters Shooting Through Doors of Private Houses. All Is Calm al Boundary and British Resume Recalling Army Collins in London, 'Has 15 Ulstermen Set Free. BELFAST. Fob. 15 (Associated Press). After a jierlod of quiet lasting several hours dlsordiSta again broke out In this city at o'clock this afternoon, when shoot ing began in tho Stanhope St re i area, near the Victoria Barracks. Tho military promptly opened fl-- When the firing of the milltar: failed to disperse tho hostile crowds, the troops were ordered, to char.-'e with bayonets. One civilian was wounded in tho charge. Up to 5 o'clock this afterncou, tin lotal number of casualties shiu Saturday night hud reached an even hundred, of whom thirty were killed. One constabb' of tho "IV spcln1 class wus found dead In a street ti: afteinoon. One raider was shot wlr' attempting to escape from the root a public housa. This afternoon raiders entered tie offices of the New Northern Spinning Company on the Pulls Road und shot and killed William niiffln, the assiM -ant munager, and wounded a clerk. Arrangements for the ovncuatlon i the British troops fiom Southern Ire land weie lesumcd to-day after suspension lasting two days. At Dub lin prepcratlons weie making for tin emlKirkatlon of -100 men. Conditions on the border, when forces of North and South Ireland aro facing eacli other as the result of tho tension created by the recent kidnapping of I'lstcr Unionists, wen repotted quiet. At noon, Belfast was reported ab solutely quiet, the presence of troop- on the sticets having had the effect of checking tho operations of the gunmen temporarily. Thero was some shooting in the early hours of tho morning In Wet-t Belfast. Frank McCoy wns found dead on a sidewalk with bullet wounds In the back. Tho oRlttal icport on tho death of James Rice, whose body was found into last night, shows ho was done to dentil In a most brutal manner. An armed gang tied his hands behind his back, pulled his coat over his head and tied a scarf over his eyes, kicked and beat him and then ended his suf ferings with bullets. Shooting also occurred this mornhu on tho east tlilo of the town, which hitherto has enjojed comparative Im munity. Shots were fired into several private houses. In one caso Maggie Teggart was wounded In tho lung. Patrick Brad Uy, nn income tax collector, wus wounded In the stomach by shots flrrd through the door of his homo. Tho door of Father O'Brien's house was smashed by bullets, and Peter Kccncy and Frank Mcllugh wore it eroly wounded In their homes. John O'Neill, a postman, was shot from a side street this morning whll ill Falls Road. His arm was biokeu. LONDON. Feb, 15 (Associated Picss). Twenty-four hours of calm on the Ulster frontier, where forces of

A m . -,4 m i 1.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-03-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281585/1922031601/0536.xml ===

MME. MATZENAUER TO DIVORCE 100

FIXED AS THE COST Amount Named to Congress in Report of Ways and. Means Committee. FINAL REVISE OH BILL Money Can Be Provided Without Financial Derange ment," Report Asserts "WASHINGTON, March 1C-- The l(Ktdlers' bonus will cost u total of $1. M!.719,250 for Its various options. .ic- Ifcnrdlng to estimate? made In the Ways ItAd Means Committee majority le port to the House to-day.

L:a The compromise Soldieis Uonud

P'ffcill, as finally reised, was r

Introduced to-day in the House by (Chairman Fordncj, who submitted a majority report from the Ways and Itfeans Committee claiming those "ad Vantages" of the hill. "First No new taxation: no Issu fenee of new securities is at present inquired. "Second It provides for the vet Heron in need n method of obtaining !Jd. "Third The amounts ryyilrcd each wear after July i. are small I compared to those which have hereto jlforc been met and can be provided Uhout any difficulties or dcrange- 'tnent of our financial situation. "Fourth The plan tends to pro i Inote savings habits among the vet- s. "Fifth It piotccts the veteian him eelf and his family from misfortune (In the future. "Sixth U "ill create a class ot home builders who will greatly m 'crease the mass of property in the Itiountry." "While perfect unanimity could not .fee expected as to ull details ot the wil. the report said, "the majority 'Of the committee believe that the plan Aa general meets the approval of tlu .l&ldlers and of all of those who me In favor of granting to thim addi tlonal compensation in any form whatever."' ST. AUGUSTINE. March 16 (As sociated Press). Speaker Glllett. who is here as a member of President Harding's Florida vacation party, an nounced to-day he would confer with Khatrman Kordney ol" the House Ways and Means committee in waan lngton Saturday on the paillamentury (situation brought about as a result of ttho expressed deslro of certain Rcpub llcan leaders to bring the Soldier "Bonus Bill up In the House Monday under suspension of the rules. Chair- train Fordney in Washington has said (he would seek a conference with the Speaker. Speaker Glllett expects to arrive In Washington on the special train with the President early Saturday morning i&TATE BONUS BILL w PASSES ASSEMBLY 'Appropriates SI, 000,000 for Sick and Disabled Veteran Not ided by U. S. K8pecial From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) fl ALBANY, March 10. The Brun- e bill appropriating $1,000,000 for ie relief of Hick and disabled vet fcrano ot all branches of the service who arc out of employment and aie not receiving financial aid from the "United States went through the As ttetnbly to-day by unanimous vote A reliel commission for the han JJlOg of the funds is created, com Uristng the Adjutant General, Comp troller and Attorney General. Under provisions of the measure Married men or slnglo men with de EcaBdents would receive $45 a month iihd single men $30, provided they Ihsyro been unemployed for fourteen flay and their Federal claims have Inot been Rettled. The maximum any bveteran could receive is fixed st jzsn tAfeomblyman Brundage explained Fttet the measure would "tido veterans IWar" until their Federal claims are determined. Assemblyman CuvlUlcr Bsaldhe would vote for the hill, but he feared the money would go to some OH not entitled to reccivo aid.

Secret Spiral Stairway Used

By Hylan to Dodge Job Hunters

It's as Narrow as a Dumb Waiter Fancy Shower Bath at Base. The mystery of how Major Hylan has managed t o enter and leave City Hall unknown to even the sharpest lookouts, among them Job hunters, fakers, beggars, "nutti" with panaceas for the Ills of civiliza tion, and last but not least leporteii. has at last been solved. Shhh! Hlzzoner has a secret staircase with a fancy shower bath at Its base. Poe'a weird "House of Ubhcr," had nothing more uncanny, louis XV. would have pronounced It the cutest ever. Gov. Whitman, whose "secret stairway" at the Cap itol caused such a furore, will sym pathize. Suspicion of a private way out, an unofficial getaway, was first aroused in City Hall when the Mayor was seen one minute demolishing a cheese sandwich at a desk piled high with reports from Dave Hirshfleld and the next instant was out In the Broadway sunshine bowing right and left 'to "the people." The patiently awaiting gatherings In the anteroom did not see him de part. Neither did the policeman In the hall who commands the two doors with n good pair of eyes. Even Liout. Quinn, keenest of them all, was non plussed. This Is what happened. Wheeling n his swivel chair the centre of his sanctum the Manor opens a closet Innocent enough looking to contain only a few bottles. This closet is THREE KILLED, 13 IRISH DISORDERS Two Sergeants Slain, Bombs Thrown and Train Robbed of Mails. GALWAY. Ireland, March 18. Four men In disguise entered the St. Bride's Home last night and shot and killed Sirgts. Gibbons and Gilmartin and seriously wounded a constable. Just previously three masked men entered tho Workhouse Hospital and killed Tatrlck Cassldy of Mayo. The two Sergeants killed weie niPDi licrs of the Royal Irish Constabulary. They were patients in the St. Bride's Home, which tho attackers entered while tho nurses were at supper and riddled the Sergeants with bullets while they were in bed. Cassjdy, on official of a Congested District Board, was undergoing treat ment for a wound which ho sustained recently during an attack on his home. The assassins appeared In tho ward where Cassldy lay, with the other patients, and shot him In the throat. The Irish Republican Army Imme diately sent out patrols, but they had not discovered the attackers late this afternoon. BELFAST. March 16 (Associated FrebN).--Belfast had tho unusual ex. peiieiKo to-day of daylight bomb throwing, which resulted In the Injury of twelve persons, four of whom were buriously Injured. No deaths had been recorded up to an early hour this afternoon. A grenade was thrown during the noon hour Into a churchyard in the ISallymacanet district, where soldiers arc stationed. There were no casual ties. Two other grenades were thrown In the Seaford Street area, and It was here that all the casualties occurred. A train proceeding from Belfast to Dublin was held up at Altnavelgh, noar Newry. this morning by an armed band, which seized and car ried off the mails. The men stopped tho train by waving a red lamp. Some boarded tho locomotive and guarded tho enginoman and fireman while the others held up the postal staff. A similar hnld-uo occurred yester day on the southern side of the border.

tho .upper landing of a spiral stair

way you know the Sapho 'kind. At the bottom of the stairway is another closet. In fact the entire stairway Is as narrow as a dumb-waiter. How- ever, the generous walstDanu ot John K. Hylan his point of geatest reslstcnse, was taken In considera tion when the stairs was built. And from the bottom of the stairway 'through the basement hallways to the street. Tho flist step tn the erection of tl.e secret stairway was the acquirement of the basement space Immediately beneath the Mayor's Htllte of otllces. This was formerly occupied by t lie Board of Child Welfare. It wok explained that the .Mayor neede the space below to fly to when he wanted to get away fro tho telephones and the crowds of of fice seekers. ,But no mention was ever made of the spiral stairway. An unsuccessful effort was made to Inspect the Mayor'B cellar shower bath and secret stairs to-day. John F. Slnnott, Secretary to the Mayor, was asked to show the press through Hizzoner's basement compartments. "The Mayor has tho keys," he re plied. "You can gain admission only through htm." The Sinking Fund Commission s under the impression that it has something to do with the allotment of space In City Hall. But Mayor Hylan evidently doesn't agree with this viewpoint, for he had tho spiral stairway built and the basement addition made to his office without the formal action of that body. Neither City Chamberlain Bcrolzhei mcr, a close friend of the Mnyor's or Comptroller Craig had ever heard of the staircase. ARREST EXPECTED TO-DAY IN BRUNEN County Detective and State Trooper Leave Hurriedly on Secret Mission. (Special From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) RIVERSIDE, N. J.. March 16. County Detective Parker, alter re ceiving reports fiom several of tho detectives he has scattered through three States seeking clues of the murder Friday of John H. Brunen, summoned a State trooper this after noon to his home in Mount Holly and started away on a quest which he said would end before night with evidence sufficient to wan ant un arrest and possibly with a prisoner charged with murder. At Wllliamstown. X. J.: in Bridge port, Conn., and In New Yotk and other cities detectives were seeking out and Interviewing 400 persons who have been associated with tho affairs of the "Mighty Doris and Col. Francis Ferrari Shows," which were partly owned by Brunen Tho circus has its winter quarters In Wllliamstown and eighteen per manent employees have been Inter viewed there. Nearly every ono of th-jm has had his hit of gossip to con tribute regarding the strained rela tions between the showman on the one side and the members of his wife's family and his daughter by his first wife on the other. It Is be lieved that even mon- Information Is In the possession of the scores of others who Joined tlit show every Bprlng and accompanied it on its (Continued on Second Page ) RACES 8,000 MILES TO HUSBAND'S BEDSIDE HONOLULU. March 16. Mrs. Will lam Belth is expected to arrive at New York Friday In an 8,'i'in-milo race with death from London to the b.-ialdn of her huxtiond here. Ph" will take a trans continental train immediately to connect with tho ptenmslilp Matsnnln departing from fan Franclncn Mnrch 21. Heltli. whom, home l In London, ar rived hnu from Au-uralln on the Nia gara March r,, nnrt wan taken from tho hip to a hospital.

THEATRE TICKET Can't Charge .More Than Fifty Cents on Any Ticket They Handle. TAXI MEASURE WINS. Protection to Fares in Case of Accident Guaranteed Eve ning World Victory. By Sophie Irene Locb. (Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) ALBANY, March 16. With the able co-operation of Senator Ward V. Tolbert and Assemblymen Maurico Bloch and Victor Kaufmann of New York City and Senator Charles W. Walton of Kingston two measures of vital Importance to everybody who attends tho theatre or uses public taz tcabs, which were originated and ad vocated by The Evening World, have passed the Legislature and await tho signature of Gov. Miller. The Walton-Bloch bill Insures that ticket speculators will not charge more than an advance of SO cents tin each ticket they handle. This measure has beeu fiamed to-ouiifomr with the- latcst decisions of the courts and the authors of the bill and legal advisers arc certain that it will stick i Protection to users of taxlcabs -in case of accident is guaranteed by the Tolbert Kaufmann bill, which require! that every person or corporation op erating n motor passenger vehicle ex cept a street car shall be bonded for J2.500 or bo protected, for the benefit of passengers, by a J2.500 Insurance policy. "I am confident the Governor will sign this bill," said Senator Walton to-day, "as I kuow how anxious he Is to seo this abuse corrected. This bill was passed unanimously by both Houses and demonstrates clearly the (jrqat need of such legislation. "All politics has been laid aside in this statute:, since every visitor to New York from up-State, as well as the people In New York, have been long suffering and piuctlcally unable to secure good seats in theatres un less they pay sometimes several hun dred per cent, aliovo tho box offlco price." AHHemblyim.n Maurico Bloch also stated that the members of tho House were very anxious that such a bill be passed as would correct tho deplor nblo conditions obtaining not only in New York City but In the entire State. "Everybody wanted to vote for It," he said. Tho various provisions of tills bill arc stated below. The other bill that passed both Houses yesterday was tho Tolbert Caufmann bill, which provides that all tuxicab owners or persons running cars for hire shall bo required to give a bond of $2,500 as an Indemnity against Injuring people by reckles; driving. Senator Tolbert In defending tin measure stated the public had no pro tection from taxlcab owners wh did not of their own accord take out (Continued on Sixth Page.) OXYGEN BURNED, 3 DIE IN HOME Gas Stove Left Lighted When Family Retired Last Night. Neighbors in the houhe at No 113 Keap Street, Brooklyn, railing upon the family of Benjamin Rrrnoff to-day were unable to get a response to their knocks. They Informed the pollre. Mr. and Mrs. Bernoff. thirty-five years each, and their son, William, eleven. wer. found dead In the bedroom. The dnnr wan closed, as were tho windows, and ,i gai stove was found limning. Dr. Jacobs said death hud insulted rtom the burning up of tin- owgen In the mom. The ense wus repot nd to tlie Medical ICxamlucr as accidental death.

MME. MATZENAUER TO DIVORCE CHAl FFEUR-HUSBAND SHE SAYS

SHE THREW OUT OF APARTMENT

i AMMiMNMilEa' .flnan me -- -

1 " - .- ..mm- MfVlE.: NleTZENAOER Ciiirr.31- rVtirrrac LI.3 I nMckrt-l4' Her 'Money on "Old Lady of About 'Fifty." ST. LOUIS, March 16 (Associated Press). Mme. Margaret Matzenauor, giand opera singer, in a statement to tho Associated Press to-day denied statements of her chauffeur-husband, Floyd Glotzbach, that he had dcsertol her and emphasized that sho "threw him out of my New York apartment Jan. 2G.", Thu diva asserted sho has pending in New York proceedings for absolute divorce on the alleged grounds of In fidelity, naming as co-respondent "an old lady of about fifty" of Carmol, Cat., and that papers were served on Glotzbach on Jan, 27. Tho blngcr declared she had given Glotzbach $150 a month, but in spite of this, sho "had to pay for every thread he wore." Sho stated that, although she allowed him to "live the life of a prince," lie publicly nlcd thflr marriago In a h-ttcr to a newt-puper In Cnrmcl. Mine Matzenuuer, touching on a report from San Kranclsco that she expected to becomo u mother, ha.i she notlfieil her husband to thl; ef fect .i month ago after consultinc i physician of Ann Arbor, Mich., but that she had learned since lit I belief u.ih unfounded. ST. LOUIS, March 16 (L'nitul Press). Mme. Mutzenauer arru'd here n a concert tour und wu imlied m guiding reports' that her ch.iuffem liiisl.inil, whom ih had churauti nzi d on inuruage as "100 per cent nun " had deserted her and gont! back to dilvlng a "for rent" car 'n f'ali totnla. "I took him out of the gutter be cause I loved him," she stated. "I believed then that the great Uio which I felt for him would overenme ull other obstacles. "I made a gome fight to hold hlrn, but 1 am also a game loser and I had to give It up. "I have only one desire -tn nd my self of this man legally u uulckly as possible." Th-- diva said Glotzbach had fallrn in Invc with a certain x.omiin. "wl.u 'Continued on Sixth Prufe.)

Its -o2Tro- Oil-OTZ BACK $500,000 ROULETTE' FRAUD IS CHARGED Attorney Sues 6 Men in Provi dence to Recover His Losses. PHOVIUKNCB, March 16. Ilecov ery of $500,000 for losses at roulette alleged to have been duo to fraudulent operation of wheels Is sought to-day by Ed wind T. Bunnon. a New Bedford attorney. Uannoti has brought suit in Federal District Court ngainbt sl.. defendants, seeking $100,000 each from Frank L. Murray of Kast Orcenwlch and John F. Hennessy of East Providence, and $75,000 each from Jacob I. Vogel and August A. Schaller of East Green wich, James E. Moran of Providence, and Charles L. Manchester Jr. of Auburn. Bannon charges that the defendants, their agents and tholr servants so controlled tho roulctto wheels at var ious Rhode, Island resorts whero he played that alt element of chance was eliminated, thus enabling the defend ants to win largo sums of mnne from him. SAYS LLOYD GEORGE WILL RESIGN SOON I'rrmler to Ketlre Wlim He Itr iitrna to London. lm llrpurt. LONDON. March 16. Uoid Ocorne will resign as soon an ho returns lo London, the Parliamentary correspond ent of tho Central News Ceclaied to day. A Conservative Government. n,r ror. respondent claims to have I-mind, will hold oillce until u general eUctlo.t la convenient. Winston Chuichtll. Minln ttr for the Colonies, will probably bn the only Liberal remaining In the Covin ment. OBENCHAIN CASE GOES TO JURY TO-DAY LOS AN'OKLKH. March 16 - The nben chaln case goeH to the Jury to-dnj fp- on inu ninpainy oi me three women jurors rne ueienbr depend f0i atvjiilliBl .Something more than the com li tlmi or acquittal of Mrs. Clhenchain reicts on the, Jury' decision. Tlie mixed tin system's existence In fallfornu u ntnku and the ability of women to Judg anoinar woman accused o( murder.

10 HOUSING BILLS PASSED BY SENATE TO BE REPORTED

001 IN ASSEMBLY TO

IN MURPHY S PLACE

Flynn to Head Lower, Nugent Middle anff O'Neill Upper Parts ofBorough. A meeting of the ten members of the Democratic Executive Committee of the Bronx was held this afternoon rt headquarters in Trcmont Avenue to ratify formally on agrocmont un1 ofllclally reached by tho members Iri'u conference this morning by which there will be three leaders of-the party In the Bronx to succeed the lato Ar. thiir Murphy. This Is a compromise ufrangement which takes care of the three Tending aspirants to the leader ship and Is to last one year. The men solcctod are Stephen A. Nugent, leader of the Fourth District and former Deputy Commissioner of Charities: Thomas H. O'Neill, leuder of the Sixth District and Under Sheriff, and Sheriff Edward J. Flynn, who Is not a district leader. Tho borough will be divided Into three sections. Flynn will look after the lower end, Nugent the middle and O'Neill the territory In the north ad joining the Westchester line. ASSEMBLY PASSES BILL BOOSTING HYLAN'S PAY tin Inrlmlro lncrrr for Comp troller anil Alilermnnle Head. (Special From a Staff Correspondent of Th Evening World.) ALBANY, March 16. Tho Down Ing bill Inci casing the salary of the Mayor and Comptroller of New York City from $15,000 to $25,000, and the salary of tho President of tho Board of Aldermun from $5,000 to J15.000 was passed to-day by the- Assembly and now goes to Mayor Hylan for his signature or veto. Voting against It wmti Asseblymen L'llmun, Kaufmann. Steinberg ixnd Jesse ot New York City. Mayor Hy trin vetoed a similar measure lost year. MILLER SETS MARCH 20 AS WAR VETERANS' DAY tinvr.rnur Knilnmn l.rlrlou I'lan to ld rrilj- Kx-Molillrra. ALBANY. March IC In a proclama tion Issued to-day, Gov. Miller endorses the plan of the American legion to tlx Mnrch 20 as a day to call public attcn lion to the needs of many veterans of I he Woild War, and calls on employers generally to furnish work for them. If possible. The Governor says that aid In the form of employment for the veterans "m Die most substantial that can be given and offers the best aesuranco of permanent henetlt. Sunday World Classified Advertisements Should Be in The World Office On or Before Friday Order Sunday World Classified Advertising To-Day. The World

wo Already on Way to Gov-! j

ernor and Only Five AwaiU?j

Action by Both Houses ii

None Actually Dead. -1 Rules Committee Waits to Re-' lease Entire Programme a!,; Same Time Message Promise Speeds Measures. - By Joseph S. Jordan. (Staff Correspondent of The Evenino ; World.) ' ;'. ALBANY, March 16. Five mprc' .' Lock-wood Housing Committee bills ' wero passed In the closing hours ot the Senate night session which ended -early this morning. They were sent to the Rules Cum roitteo ot tho Assembly to-day, and . members, expressed the ballet all the. . Hotflrlngjjbllls passed by the Sena 1 1 " would bereported out (or debato qi the tlooVKt the Assembly. ' ' The bills went through the Scuuti without the" neceeolty.-of -an emer gency message, which waa promises by Gov. Milter. They1 were: 1, To amend the Insurance Lawk In 'relation to mutual life, health and casualty corporations. Thla bill pro vides for the organization and ad- ' mission ot mutual Insurance com ' panles In the State of New York t' write all kinds of casualty insurance except aurety. The bill also gives the State Insurance Dcnartmcnt the same ! supervisory and regulatory right over the mutual companies as ovoi stock companies. This bill has al ready been passed by the Asscmblj and goes to the Governor. Tho votorj In the Senate was it to 1. Wiiwall Albany being the only eS to vo against It. 2. Providing that the City of New w York may avail Itself of subcontract where thu principal contractor to complete his contiact Tho vmi; on this was unanimous. 3. To Amend the Insurance Law u J' striking out the provision giving lua tho Superintendent of Insurance tlx a' right to extend beyond 1926 tho pt U rlod within which such companies m ; required to dlsposo of their slut Investments. ;"; The original law required the dls-, position to be made within five yearsj after December, 1908, but the Legit.- ' lature has extended that date Unit-. ' after time, finally until Dec. 31, 19:6 i; with the power ot making furthci ' extension left with tho State Super- '-" Intendent ot Insurance. There nn; nomo debato over this bill and eleven-, voted against It. The negative votes ' wero Ames. Illoomfleld, Campbell. Dick, Fenron, Knight, Swift, Thayer. , Towner, Whitley und WlBwall. Not ;: voting: Drapet, Kuvanaugh and;": Lockwood. ; ' 4. Requiring all Insurance compan- ' les other than life to dispose of coi , poratc stocks, except those of munlcl- ; pal corporations, and of all securities ' other than those In which savins ; banks and life Insurance companies" may now Invest, within five years of the passage of this bill. It the bill should become the law It wll. ' place all lsurance companies on the -' same footing with respect to their Investment. The law at present re quires life Insurance companies to dispose of their stocks by Dec. 31 1926. Against the bill were: Ames. Campbell, Dick, Fearon. Ferris, Olbbs Hewitt, Knight, Lowman, Pitcher. . Swift. Thayer, Towner, Waltoa Whitley, Wlswall. Not voting: Dra per, Dloomfteld, Kavanaugh, 6. Compelling savings banks to In vest at least 60 per cent, of all in vestable funds hereafter Invested b '.i them In bond and mortgage, until at least 10 per cent, of all deposit and .j guaranty funds shall be and rematn '. so Invested. Chairman Lockwood' . explanation of tho proposed meisurv j! was that wnue as u wnoie tne av. lngs banks have 19 per cent, of their

deposits so Invested, and soma ot the


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-04-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281597/1922041501/0139.xml ===

HOGS USE CHILDREN TO

"IF IT HAPPENS IN

NEW YORK - - IT'S IN -.

Tnr i-rim6iTmTi nrAnt rv

inii l1; I lilllllll WW W'T -W tfTT -iT Art AAJ Villi. LiJi.ll. ttU. Aii IN SHORT )il Stocks Lead a Boom That Breaks the Record of Trad ing for the Year. FAPE 18 MINUTES l.VIL. hole Market Jumps fter Decision on Wyoming Oil Lands. There was another furious multilist lit trading on the New York Stock pitcliango to-day, and for the two- hour session transactions totalled slightly more than a million shares. What made tho performance all the more remarkable was the fact that to lay's two-hour session was sand wiched In between two market holi days and many market operators who have had much to do with the recent largo volume of business had left town for the Easter holidays.

WILD SPECULATION IN WALLST.; 1,000,000 SHARES ARE SOLD

m The volume of business was so B. great that tho ticker throughout the day was from fifteen to twenty min

utes Dcmna tiie marKei. i raaers wno

u lmtl(-it nr. m1rl tn.U-a In itmmtntn leSH

jit han u hundred shares found It prac Ktlcatly Impossible to get confirmation Rf their trudes. Ei. Oil shares were the market features. Announcement that the Government had concluded an arrangement with Rlevelopment of Wyoming lands re Kulted In wild speculation In this stock Rnd shares of other oil companies. Nearly every Issue in tho oil group jvas able to touch u new top for 10:12. I Equipment shares, steels, motors End other Industrials all were In ex traordinary demand throughout the Say. In all more than forty stocks fecordedmew high mark3 for the year. Net gains of from one to more than three joints were common, f Tho closing stock transaction did Fot appear on tho ticker until 12.18. )OCTORS AMAZED BY WILSON'S QUICK RETURN TO HEALTH V Istrict Obedience to Orders and Quiet Work Marvels for Px-President. By David Lawrence. Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON, April 13 (Copy right). Former President Woodrow Vllson is In bettor health to-day than t any time since his breakdown in September, 1919. He Is able to walk round his home, for instanco, wlth Ut tho assistance of a cano or tho lupport of a companion. His volco clear. He docs moro woik every y. This constant improvement has sur- sed physicians. Not long ago Dr. Iiarlcs Mayo of Rochester, Minn., sited Mr. Wilson and pronounced s condition remarkable. He attrib- ted the restoration almost entirely to r. Wilson's Indomitable' will. Mr, Wilson has obeyed physicians' tractions implicitly and has not at- pted to engage, in pubrlc con- versy or debate. Tffo temptation do so. has at tfmes been overwhelm- Ho hasn't written any, books for iltcatlon nor has he accented any Hho numerous opportunities offered (Vait event ft. SRftHe believes tho duty of a former HR-esldent IS to keen Hllent. Ho has endfastly refused to do anything that fjment emoarrass tho Incumbent Pres- 'Afent. In this course. Mr. Wilson is (Mid to feel a certRin senso of sclf- Iabtlnfactlon, for he believes his ex apple Is In "Contrast to the activity of er rrcsmenia uuring nis own term fl President. r. Wilson lives a quiet llfo and occasionally Is visible to Wash on people. He rides In his auto- lie around the parks almost dally, has been attending vaudeville Sat' y nights and lately has been tak- In the matinees. He received n rkablo ovation last Wednesday a attended a matinee.

T TT T l nn.TTIEIIl CTW

er h ac "mii f fnrT ch

DAY'S SESSION SOVIET AND ALLIES Pre-War Obligations Will Be Recognized Under Terms Made at Genoa. GENOA, April 15 (United Press) The Allied and Kussian delegates to tbo Genoa Economic Conference reached a complete agreement on the liquidation of Russia's old debts this afternoon. The Soviet delegates agreed to recognize as valid all of Itussla'3 debts contrated previous ,to tho war. This is a victory for Premier Lloyd George, who hopes to make successful conclusion of the debt tiansactlons the preliminary to recognition nf Russia and finally to an agreement whereby European nations would pledge tlum- sclves to refrain from attacking each other for a term of years GENOA,' April 15 (Associated Press). A distinct advance toward settlement of tho Russian question was registered by the. Economic Con fcrence to-day, conference leaders de clared. Prime Minister Lloyd George ex pressed this view in one of his char acteristic figurative utterances, say ing: We are building a bridge across the stream. Wo havo driven some of the piles; wo arc now in tho deepest part of the current and aro driving them into the mud at tho bottom. Although the bridge Is not yet above waler, the piles aro firmly fixed, and wo are still hammering at them. The, Russians presented to-day con crcte financial proposals in which they say they are In perfect accord with the Allies over the urgent necessity of establishing a monetary bails in all countries, putlng an end to "feudal ism," which they declare Is reigning especially In the matter of exchanges. Tho Russians agree to the necessity of eaoh country ballanclng its own budget, curtailing paper currency and reducing expenses, especially those for armaments. Tho Soviet delegates urge an Anglo-American accord to establish a permanent purchasing power for their currency, which they declaro should become tho basis for other European currencies. They Insist upon tho no cesslty of granting credits or loans of gold to states whose financial condi tions aro bad. They give as an ex ample the American Federal Reserve Hanks, which they say might put part oi tneir gold reserve at tho disposal of central banks of countries needing u, aomg tnis uy lending gold or by opening special credits. The Russians also propose an inter national monetary convention whose ouject woum no to tlx a stable ratio. HOUSE VOTES TO-DAY ON NAVY OF 86,000 Debate Started on Amendment to Naval Appropriation Hill, WASHINGTON. April 15. The House by unanimous consent agreed to-day to vote late this afternoon tn. an amend. ment to the Naval Appropriations UII1 providing for an enlisted forco of 80,000 men. The vote will come at the end'of four nours or aeoaie. which began shortly cmi'Toiid nion.vn wants to hi: senator kkoji IOWA CHICAGO, April 15 (Associated" Pres) Clifford Thorne, general counsel for the American Farm Ilureau Federa tion to-day formally announced his candidacy for the Republican nomlna Hon for united state Senator from Iowa He simultaneously tendered his rcslg nation to the Farm Bureau Federation

"Circulation Books Open io All." !

1 lira t f" l; .... KT tVmunni. IMS. .Ci SENT OVER EASTER TO NORTH IRELAND 'wo Arrive in Precautionary Measure at Point Near Londonderry. CLASH FEARED IN SL1GO De Valera in Easter Message Says: "Ireland Is Yours, Take, It." BELFAST. April 16 (Associated Press). Two British Warships have arrived in Lough Swilly, County Donegal, northwest of Londonderry, it wiis learned this afternoon. The movement is interpreted here as a precautionary measure, In view of the tense situation in Ireland. Forces of tho Insurgent section of tho Irish Republican Army are strengthening their hold on Sligo, whore Arthur Griffith has announced he will hold a pro-treaty meeting to morrow. The Republicans havo fol lowed up their seizure yesterday of the post office, Town Hall, Guild Hall and barracks, until now they coutrol virtually every-position of vantage. The office Of tho conserratlve news paper, the Sligo Independent, was commandeered last night, and an armed guard Is stationed there. This position dominates CaBtle and Market Streets, where the post office is situ ated, and also commands Wine and Knox Streets, adjoining. Tho streets aro being patrolled by armed partios of Republicans. DUBLIN, April 15 (Associated Press). Earn on De Valera issued on Easter message to-day to the young men and women of Ireland, in which he said: Young men and young women of Ireland, the goal is at last in sight. Stand together. Step for ward. Ireland is yours for the taking. Take it. 1 The Republican Armj insurgents still held the Four Courts to-day which they seized yesterday, and no attempt was being made to dislodge them. The Courts did not present tho aspect of a place preparing for siege, except for the presence of armed men at the windows. Arthur Griffith's attention was drawn to the menacing situation In Sligo, where he is booked to make an address to-morrow. "I am going to Sligo," was Mr. Griffith's only comment to-day. A party of men raided tho Dublin express train for Limerick this morn ing and seized and burned tho consign ments of the Freeman's Journal and the Irish Independent. Armed men also burned thousands of copies of tho Irish Independent at King's Bridge and at the Broadstone railway tcr minus In Dublin. GOV. MILLER DENIES HE WILL RESIGN TO JOIN A LAW FIRM Rumor He Had Been Offered Guarantee From .$150,000 to $250,000 a Year. (Special to The Kveplng World.) ALBANY, April .15 "Mere rumor, There is nothing in it." This is what Gov. Miller said to his private sec retary, William McCarthy, when told that a New York newspaper carried a story to the effect that the Chief Ex ecutive had been asked to resign and accept a membership in a New York law firm with a guarantee of from J160.000 to S250.000 n year. It Is very well known among the Republican leaders here that Gov, Miller, so far from resigning, is being so hard pressed to run again that he can hardly refuse. At any rate the leadership of his party in the Stato Is accorded to him and it is said that If he does not accept the gubernatorial nomination In September, ho will name the man who gets It. GOVERNOR VKTOKS FIRST OK. FENCE PAROLE HILL. ALBANY, April 14. The Wcstall Pa. role Bill, under which all persons con vlcted of a State's prison offenae'ifor thi first time to be paroled at tno enn or the first year In prison, was vetoed by Gov. Miller to-day.

yy lUfta, ottiuftini. A JT A. X JJ J. u , i a

17 r II CI Jt III TI U IV

Her Will (o Die 5s Hastening End 01 Woman WhoTookPoison to Guide

Husband From Husband at Bedside Pleads With Her -to Live fbr His Sake Death Within 24 Hours, Doctors at Hospital Say. Mrs. Maudo Fancher, who killed her Infant and poisoned herself to aid her husband as a spirit. Is not expected to live twenty-four hours it was said at City Hospital, Newark, this after noon, Her will to die Is a factor In hastening her approach to death. She has talked littlo during the past twelve hours, but has reiterated her wish to join her child, Cecil, la tho world of spirits. Mr. Fancher was udmited to his wife's bedside this nfternon and I'e malncd ten minifies. When ho came out ho said: "I begged hec to try to live for my sake. I told her I would forgive everything'. She told mo sho didn't want to live; that sho wanted to join Cecil. She said if she did live she hoped it would bo only for a few minutes." Mr. Fancher said he thought she meant that she would like to be with him and tho dead child for a few minutes. Ho said he believed his wife was near death, that sho talked only in whispers, and he had to wait long intervals to get replies. In addition to tho lysol poisoning sho hns bronchial pneumonia and pulmonary oedema. Letters written by Mrs. Fancher sold she bcllovod because of an ex perience at a spiritualistic seance that tho dead can direct the living and she hoped to guide her husband from Itc yond tho gravo, to see him happily married again and the fattier of an other son. She Is under police guard but no formal charge has been placed against her. Her husband, who doesn't liellcvc In spiritualism, said when he went to the hospital to seo her last nlsht, she told him of a chop and potatoes she had left for him, but ho threw them away, fearing she had poisoned tliein to take him along with her. Ho said she was distantly related to an Indian Chief, White Feather, of what trii ho did not know. JUDGE WILL DIVORCE MOTHER OF 8 CHILDREN Supreme Court Justice Gannon In Brooklyn to-day indicated that he iil grnnt a divorce to Charles J. Cornell wealthy Flatbush contractor, witn- it hearing Cornell's wife. Annie. He sul "Upon testimony of plaintiff, I urn persuaded he la entitled to JuilKineni and production of the dfcfcmlmit H1 be dispensed with." The Cornells had eight children. The husband nilcKed his wife la living with another mun Mrs. Cornell's son Arthur les'lOed against her. -

Y7 A II T J X 1 K I 11 J

World oi Spirits HYLAN KILLS BILL FAWII Lockwood-Crews Measure Is Vetoed in Circumstances No One Explains. 'Mayor Hylan has vetoed the Lock- wood-Crowa Police Pension Bill, drawn to Increase the pension allowances of widows, children or dependent parents of members of the Police Department who meet death in the performance, of their duty. In the shuffle of bills handled by tho Mayor at the last moment tho fate of this measure was temporarily lost sight of, and despite many Inquiries Its destiny appeared a mystery- It has been positively established, how- over, that tho Mayor vetoed this bill and that It has gone back to Albany without his approval. Unlike other measures of similar Importance, no announcement was forthcoming at any time. Now that the fntg of the bill, which means so much to the dependents of bravo policemen, Is no longer one of the many mysteries of City Hall an explanation of tho Mayor's attltudo Is difficult to obtain, for both tho Slayor and John F. Slnnott, his secretary, aro enjoying tho Easter holidays at At lantic City. Tho legislation tho Mayor fniled to approvo aimed to aid tho dependents of men of the type of Floyd Horton, tho late young Lieutenant whoso heroism Is held up ns a model for every policeman. The present law provides that tho highest pension n pollcemun's widow can recclvo Is $600 a year. Tho Lockwood-Crews bill made one-half the policeman's yearly pay tho minimum pension for a widow. It went further and gave au- (Continued on Second Page.) HUGHES SENDS NEW NOTE TO MEXICO Tenor of Despatch Understood to Indicate Early Recognition of Obregon. WASHINGTON, April 15. Sccro tary of Stato Hughes has sent a now note to Mexico In an attempt to settle the differences between tho fnlted States and that country. The whole tenor of the note Is un derstood to portend an early agree ment between tho two nations and American recognition of the Obregon Government.

Rnlrrnl a Serntid-CUM Mnttrr l'oit Office, New Vrk, N. Y,

a , a on SAYS ACTRESS OF THEFT "Took Nicholson's Chauffeur ' 5 Hours to Get Him Out of My House," She Sneers. A PRISONER, HE SAYS.' Had Two Drinks in Her Flat and the Rest Was a Dark Mystery. Friends" of Angus K. Nicholson, a partner In tho brokerage linn of Winkclman & Co., No. C3 Brood Street, and Malvena Rlchman o'f No. 187 Rlvorsldo Drive, who saya sho was onco in tho movies, monopolized tho corridors and spectators' spaco In tho West Sldo Pollco Court to-day, when Miss Rlchman was called for arraign ment on a chargo of enticing Nichol son to her apartment and taking from him a $5,000 scarfpln, a J4G0 cano and $J0O In cash and keeping lihn' a pris oner 'for threo days. Miss Rlchman has been ffeo under a $5,000 bond since her arrest on a warrant lost Wednesday. Tho frionds ot Miss Ulclurian and tho" friends of Mr. Nicholson formed decidedly hostllo groups. Both Mr. Nicholson and Miss Rlchman talked freely to all listeners, and their state ments would Indicate that somebody has probably deviated from tho exact truth. As for the actual court pro ceedings, they wcro brief. On motion of Leonard Snltkln, counsel to Miss Rlchman, tho hearing was adjourned until next Tuesday afternoon at 2.30 o'clock. J. H. Gilbert, Mr. Nichol son's lawyer, agreed to tho adjourn ment. NlrhnlKnn reneatcd the story about being Invited to tho Rlchman Hat nnd losing all track of things after taking two or threo drinks. "My chauffeur. Fred Jourdano, res- cued mo," he declared, "on March 27 after I had been held u practical prlsonor for three days." "Rescued him!" sniffed Miss Rich- man, when told of Nicholson's state ment. . "Huh! Why, the chauffeur reached the houso at noon, and It took him nvc hours to get Nicholson to leavo. "I havo known him for two years," she continued. "Ho frequently visited mo nnd often gavo nio money and trinkets. I will produce the trinkets In court Tuesday or some of them. All tho time he was In my apartment there was a telephone right alongside his bed and ho could have used it. My colored maid, Frcderika Hull, was in the apartment all the time nnd she knows what happened. Sho will be a witness, too. "As for me trying to beat him out nf e $4,000 check, why he signed thnt check the first night ho was In the apartment. If he didn't know whnl ho was doing then ho doesn't know ho is here to-day, becnuso he wan In precisely tho same condition then thnt ho Is now." "What does she mean by that?" said a spectator. "I wonder!" OUSTED TEAf.IIUR WILL AIM-lill.. ASBURY PARK. April 15. A. A. Wltson, mathematics Instructor at tho Asbury Park High School, removed fol lowing charges of undue familiarity with girl students, to-day snld ho would appeal to the highest court, If necessary, for reinstatement. Where to Look for Housing: Accom m odation s The Ileal Estate firction of the Sunday World will con.iin many Heal Estate Ads. tai are of timely and Important interest to homeseekers. Assembled nnd Classified in the Special Ileal Estate. Section arc announce ments regarding I louses, Harm and Land for Sale. Apartments, Rooms and Summer Residences. Read the Sunday World Real Estate Section For Latest Information

To-Morrow'a Weather FAIR AND WARMER.

SEEK REFUGE FROM BULLETS IN CROWD OF SCHOOL CHILDREN

FOR HALF AN HOUR

Mile-High Spiral Gives Cunard Passengers Thrill of a Life time at Sea. The Cunaid liner Carmania re turned to port to-day after a round trip voyage to tho Near East, and, after passing through various climes and climaxes, gavo to hor passengers three dayB ago tho thrill of tholr lives when sho was chased by a water spout. The ship was about. 800 mllei cast of Now York and most of tmi paMcngors wore lolling about tho deck," when of a sudden a commotion was observed In the sea perhaps eight miles to the southward. Some Invisible forco nppiarcd to be pulling the ocean Into tho Bky, twist Ing and turning tho wuves llko tho ribbons of a Maypole, the glint of tho sun showering them with tho colors of tho rainbow Capt. G. W. Melson, who has sailed tho Seven Seas these many years, promptly pronounced the heaving nnd wcuvlng mass of waves a water-spout. Passengers crowded aft and gazod In wonder and awe upon tho whirling mass of water whizzing toward them. Capt. Melson assured them tWt there was no danger and then rang to go ahead at full speed. Tho water-spout grew until It was fully COO feet In diameter and a mllo high; Speculation of what would happen If It over over took the ship brought shivers to the watching crowd- on tho Carmanla'a deck. The mass seemed to bo gaining on the ship and for fully half an hour tho excitement on tho Curmanla was In tense. Then the great fountain sub sided, the masses of water tumbling back to their nntlvo ocean. Frederick Pratt, ono of tho former Standard Oil magnates und founder of the Prutt Institute of Brooklyn, wan one of those who viewed the phenoiu cnoii. He said Hint, whllo at times It was terrifying, it was one of the most awe-Inspiring sights he had over seen. Cnpt. Melson was asked what would hnvc happened had tho water-spout hit the ship. "Well," ho said with a smile. "I'll never tell you. That is, I wouldn't bo hero to tell you and tho Carmania would have been listed as 'missing' ut Lloyds." MISSISSIPPI LEVEE BREAKS IN FLOOD CAIRO, -III., April 15. Tho lovco nt Grand Tower broke this morning nnd the swollen Mississippi spread ovpr 5,000 acres of cultivated land, Tho water Is 11 feet deep In some places All residents aro believed to have reached high ground. CHICAGO, April 15. Following five weeks of nearly dally rain. which continued to-day, rivers In U Mississippi, Ohio and Missouri basins were overflowing to-day, causing mil lions of dollars property loss and in tense suffering. Hundreds have been driven from their homo. Heavy losses will bo suffered by farmers through drowning of live stock, inability to prepare for crops or loss of winter wheat. Along the Illinois River levees havo given way flooding thousands of acres of land, Heard own, accustomed to floods, has tho stalest loss In Its history.

Police, Afraid to Injure the Kiddies at Play, Are Obliged to Fire in Air on Ground of De Witt High School. "River Rats" Gang Rounded Up As Result of Shooting of Mail Carrier After Attempf to Kill Man Who Rescued Girl. The story of a battle with revol vers betweon -dotocMvos and gang sters ycRtcrdaj afternoon In and around the playground"" Do Witt Clinton High School, 59th Street and Tenth Avenue, the bullets whistling over tho heads of panlcatrlcken children, was told In West Sldo Fo Hco Court to-day when Robert. Mn; lady of No. BSiTwcst '50Ui istreft John Hoban of No. 533 West 51st Street, Andrew Morris of No. 4GG West 40th Street, and Merrill Tra bold of No. 527 West Elst Street, all about nineteen years old, wcro ar raigned and held without ball on a chargo of felonious assault. The ar rest of these men clears up the mys tery surrounding: tho shooting of James Horace, a mall carrier, as hs was sitting at tho window of his homo at No. 525 West 50th Street last Tuesday evening, Horace was wounded In the abdomen and the leg and Is In Bollevuo Hospital. Tho wounding of Horace was the causo that led up to yesterday's battle. Detectives who were assigned to tho caso discovered that John Brcnnnn, a chauffeur, living at No. 555 WcstNiOth Street, had rescued a young girl from Malady nnd his threo companions about two weeks ago, Tho youths aro members of a gang known to tho police as tho "River Rats." Iist Tuesday evening, according' to information obtained by tho detectives, tho quartet, each armed with a revolver, went to tho roof of the, tenement No. 524 COth Street and waited for Brennnn, who they knew would pass along tho opposite sldo. of tho street on his way to his home at about C o'clock, llrcnnan passed nlong on tlmo and they fired several shots at him, missing their mark. Jtt was two of these shots that wounded tho mall carrier at tho window. Detectives Joseph Cooney, Edward McAullffc, Edward Davl3 and John Gnrrlty were detnllcd to find nnd ar rest the four young gangsters, who had disappeared from their usual haunts. Tho detectives patrolled the neighborhood, Knowing that the youths would return, nnd encountered tho four, together, at 08th Street and Tenth Avenue yesterday afternoon. The detectives were In nn auto mobile. Tho gangsters ran north In Tenth Avenue, firing two shots at the pollco car, Tho detectives fol lowed on foot. Reaching the Illfh School tlui cnngsturs ran la'.o ut playground ana mingled with crowns of boys who- were playing baseball and marbles. Into the playground dashed the de tectives. By this tlmo tho gangsters were across the playground and fired at the approaching sleuths from the opposite side. Tho shots were re turned while the children scattered In an effort to get out of range. Escaping from tho school grounds the gangsters fled up Tenth Avenue and were caught at 61st Street after moro shooting. All the bullets wont wild, bothtangsters and policemen


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-04-15, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281597/1922041501/0141.xml ===

THE' EVENING WO k LD, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1922.

IIS FOR 2,500 .

iMILlES IN PLANS k Block of Houses to Be Erected by Metropolitan & uo. Aiinioers rt iv. IHITECT IS ENGAGED. Be Constructed In Long' Hand City Rent of a Room $9 a Month. vp ilufinlln announcements wie Ulix afternoon ufter a iimfer- !, between AVullcr Stubler. romp- cr of I lie Metropolitan Life In- nco (!omiony. other officials ot DinMiiy mill Andrew .1. ThimiiiH. Itltect Mr Thomas was official!!. Hgcd to superitlteiul llir firt !- pmi'iit aiUlioi izcil by the Hoiisme, enabling tin" Metropolitan to $100.1)00,000 In the cieatioli or tmciits not to relit foi inure than 1 l-ootii s Hi st bind, of houses will mini -iliout fifty They will lx- fonr uml basement "walk-ups" with water steam heat ami every Bin convenience. At to-tlny's con ice lilaiiB eie eluliointul by I the total families to lie piu foi n this initial development ibe T.OO and the nppt ovlmate cr of people 10.000. Tlie site itlely selected is in I. on;; Inland Vnbout twenty -five minutes fiom Pennsylvania Terminal. l)iit also rtn the .'.-cent fare limit to tiiaml rul. though tlie building plans nie the hands of Mr. Tlioin.iH for revision Tim i:enliig World is lo online l he essential points in Jfplans tic "revolutionary phase or .Mr. as's plan is thai lie obtains as ay. but larger rooms, on a Riven plan while using a smaller per lire of the ground area. cet more light and nlr. lie tow Evening World, "by conccntral all the open space into one spot. cry room has plenty of windows plenty ot light and air to come DUgh them ' Mr. Thomas is at present const iucI a largo apartment house In the onx along these lines. Uut sinrn for that building were adopted has improved them and now pets Kit more space. A comparison be- vcen Ills Itronx plan and a "pre plan designed by him show the timo number of rooms on a lloor, Bronx rooms much larger than pre- vnr. 2,410 squaro feet concentrated In 10 large court, or 7T0 more square ret than in two pre-war courts: a Lving of $10,000 In construction cost I'.tho llronx. Jn explaining how he, accomplished as Mr 1 nomas acciarcu mat up Ihwivlmnlolv 1 700 Rflll.irp fpet of floor Co eliminated lcprcsented nothing waste space, and the saving In Bstructlon cost on this item alone $40,000. Further ecenomy is uc- lplished by the lower cost of main- jlaneo, for the new plan has less to ilntnin nnd what thero Is Is of iplcr construction and more readily feasible Tlio interest on $10,000 represents MOO," said Mr. Thomas. I'On a straight line 2 per cent. de- Relation basis, the saving on $40,000 JSOO. So here Is $3,200 less. In one up sum the owner must get in from property to earn a return. IOn a basis of a six-story house with Irty-two rooms to the floor this fiprcsents about $17 a year less per bom In rentals. Where Mr. Thomas cpocts to gain his greatest saving, vevcr, is in cheaper land values in Juecns- and llronUlyn, and in large i"elopments where units ousts arc educed proportionally as the extent Of the development Increases. Mr Thomas has worked out a nine ck plan In which the central block devoted to playgrounds covering 100x500 feet. .The cost of this one block would odd Ies than $1 a loom the original construction coat ot he other eight blocks, and the main enance would lc paid with reanlal fom stores on the two shorter shU's. Under an agreement with Mr, Un- ermycr, union labor Is to co-operato the building of theso bouses by pntributlng their Saturday half holl- (y and a lialf hour a day, making a ill I day each week without extra ipcnsatlon. In consideration of this oso employed on thn buildings aro to first chance, to rent tho new irtments. Bamrfel Untermeyer, chief counsel tho Lockwood Housing Commit I, whlla pointing out that thcro was asldcrahle Impoitant work ahead ot commllteo declared that "the kls In housing will soon have passed worst stage." He also made It In that tho committee will seek Iher legislation next year. JIOSAUR1AN GLIDE US THE LATEST DANCE iMtenoa Ayres Master Announc sTBK' Tlirer m Tnnciiri. , fiPHILADELPHIA. April 13. Phlla jlelfmla dancing teachers hall with de l!ht, nowa from Ilucnos Ayies that a py t-terpsloliorean wrinkle cullod the ynoaaurian kuuu mi oeen invented, iHtH that thrco now tangoes havo been Mleated to tho Patagonlan monster .fcr-whlch Argentine naturalists aro on ,&"iUl hunt. tlbey united to-day in saying that If Mp'tfanco proves popular it will sound tjSjieatli-k'iell of the "shimmy" und teiHttle sister, the "loddlo. kTll OK juts. ciiAiu.ns II .SMITH. UON, S. C. April 15. Mrs. lea II. Smith, wlfo of a member of Syenlng World staff, died here last after a protracted Illness. Mr. th reached tho bedside of his wlfo hort time before shu passed away.

All Flyers Don't 'Die With Their Wings On-;

ORVILLE. WWRI&rd With 1,200 Civilian Aero planes in U. S., Which Flew 6,5oo,oqo Miles in 1921, Only 49 Persons Were Killed and 89' Injured in 1 14 Accidents. By Marguerite Mooers Marshall. Not HVIjltV aviator dies with ms wlnys on: That is something 'Which those 'n crested in the tuturii of flying must remember, even in'thei shadow of such a traglo disaster as the death ot S.t Itoss Macpheison .Smith, the British aerial veteran who flew from England to Australia nnd from Cairo to Cal cutta, but whose njachine took a fatal nose dive Just the other day when ho was testing It preparatory to stali ng a round-the-world flight. It Is natural that Sir Ross's fale should recall similarly sensational ac cidents In which perished, among others, Harry Hawker, Capt. Sir John Alcock, Laura BromweJI, Harriet Qulmby, Locklcar, Beachey, Jplin slonc. Hoxey and others. Yet there Is a more cheerful aspect to the situation. Knterlng tho flying game is not. tho records show, equiv alent to signing one's death warrant Not a few of tho flyers of jester vear are still very much allvo and on their respective jobs. After flying safely for years, they have retired with their wings on und still unbroken, with life nnd limb Intact. They are de voting themselves to constructive work In aviation, or to other occuna. tlons. It Is estimated that, Including men trained as army flyers, there aie several thousand such aviators In the United States. 3elow follow tlie names of a few ot the moro noted ines. Especially well known In New Vork, among blrdmen who may be expected to live to a green old age Is Glenn H. Curtlsa. He started flying on July 4. 190S, and his first pas senger has d'Annunzto who himself flew through most of the war and yet lived to set Flume by the ears and to resume his artistic career us poet and playwright. Mr. Curtlss won many aerial races and toured Europe. Since hei left tho seat of his plane ho has been solving problems In design and engineering for his aeroplane company. Ho still hopes to find time one of these duys to tako up flying again, a3 a sport. Glenn L. Martin started hiillrilne glldcfs In 1907 und taught himself to lly In 1908. Ho established one of the first airplane factories In the United States tho next year, lie holds pilot certificate No. 2 of tho Aero Club of America: No. 1 Is held by Glenn Curtlss. Mr. Martin Is well known for his Martin bombers, which functioned effectively during the war. and he is still at work on new models. Orvlllo Wright, who, with his brother. Wilbur, invented the first alrplano to fly, was the first person In tho world to opcrate.a mechanical ly propelled flying machine. He Is hit old muster of aviation, having flnwn ns far buck as 1899. yet he Is still very much on the, map, 'doing aeronautical rcsearcn worn una act ing us consulting engineer for the company that bears his name. Clifford B. Harmon Is another old- timer. He made balloon ascensions for twenty years, lto fist flew In 1900. He Is now engaged In the reul estate business. Speaking of retired halloonlsts, another 1h Augustus Post, now Secretary of the Aero Club of America. Hrckwlth Havcna safety survived almost ten years In the air. He was nno of Glenn curtiss's exniDiiion pilots In 1911-1313 and dirt not retire from tho flying game till 1920. lit is now In trie airship manufacturing business. Many men who have mode air rec- nrds aro still alive to leu trio tale, Itudolph W. Schrocjler, holder of the world's altltudo record, has resigned from tho army and is making uero nautical equipment. Holand Rohlfs, who also onco held this record, Is In the motor' car busi ness. Henry Farman, who won many records, some ot them dating back to lfiOS. now hrnds his own rompanv. nnd

Cuproni. tho Italian inventor, has made flying history. One must have lived through many flying hours and braved many flying perils to become an "aco." A noted ! American aco during the World Wur was Jacques Swanb of this city. Ho is officially credltctl with ten airplane victories, yet has survived to become tho President of a big cigar company. Former President La Gunrdia of tho Doard of Aldermen first flow at Mln eola, L. I., in September, 1915. He was commander of American bomb ing squadrons on tho Italian front. Charles De Forest Chandler, now u retired Colonel, U. S. A., first went Into the air as a balloon pilot In 1906 and' piloted his first airplane In 1912. Two "retired" aviutors In New York are James ("Uud") Mars, first bal loonist and then exhibition aviator for ten years, now In the real estate business, and Charles F. Wlllard, who flew as early as 1909 for tho enter tainment of the public and Is now u consulting aeronautical engineer Edson F. Gallaudet, formerly on ths teaching staff of Yale, resigned anil became a pilot with the Wright Broth

Miss Dellora Angell, $25,000,000 Gates Heiress, tells of Plan to Wed Surgeon, Found Hospital

Future Husband American With Ambition to Maintain Institution for Poor. SAN FRANCISCO, April 15. Ml Dellora Angell, twenty years old, of Pasadena, who will como into posses sion of 25.000,000 left by John W. ("Bct-a-Mllllon") Gates, when sho Is twenty-two, has disclosed dcflnlto plans hero for using part of tho for tune. Sho expects to bo married to a young American surgeon who has an ambition to maintain a hospital for the poor. Sho did not name tho sur geon nor Indicate that ho Is yet known to her. Miss Angell, who divides her tlm'o between her home in Lake Forest, near Chicago, and California, was re ported engaged a year ago to C. Wil son Campbell of Los Angeles. Ho Is a wealthy oil promoter, a graduate of tho Ohio State University and owns vasf oil lands In the neighborhood of Tulsa, Okla. Miss Angell and Mr. Campbell met a year ago lust winter when she was In school In California. Dellora Frances Angell was born at St. Charles, III., Dec. 23. 1902. and lived thero until six years ago. Her mother, who was Mrs. Gates's only sister, died when Dellora was nine years old, und several years later her father married again. She inherited ull tho personal property of Mrs. Gatesj Including $100,000 worth of furniture and a casket of Jewels. Sho has already received $300,000 of her inheritance, which was paid Dec. JJ, 1921, when her guardian was dis charged on her attaining her eight eenth birthday. In addition, she h.-n received $100,000 left to hor by her cousin, Charles W. Gates, sun of John W. Qates. ivi World Alumnae the rradr rrferrnre book, 33 crnta per ropy on luncl; br mall, poitUtr prrimlif. SO -nt. Aildrct Lathltr, ..-. iv.. '-. ru.

to Perfect New Science

ers In 1911. Ho is now Chairman ut the Board of Directors of his own cor poration and has designed many types of planes for the army nnd navy. Hiram Maxim, the Inventor, was an aviator In 1911, and Is now President of his own manufacturing company. One way of estimating the piopor tlon of flying fatalities to flyers is found In tho following figures for American aviation during 1921. It has been estimated that lust year: Approximately 1,200 civilian acro plunes were in operation In the United States. These planes flew 6,500,000 miles and carried 250,000 persons. Forty-nine persons havo been killed LAST OF FOX HILLS SOLDIERS REMOVED Fifty Are Transferred to tlie Se View Honpltal. Fifty soldiers, the last in tho Fox Hills Staten Island Hospital suffering from tuberculosis were transferred to the Hca View Hospital at Now Dorp to-day. Many protested against going, having heard stories utxiut not getting as good treatment and passes being moro Infrequent ut Sea View und tU daring they were not charity patients It was explained to the men the Government Is paying $3 a day fir their accommodations at Sea View and that In no sense can they bo consid ered charity patients. No dliect r ders for the closing of tho Fox Hills Hospital have been received, except tin general one as to Its discontinuance There Is a rumor that COO soldiers re turning from the Rhine and In nc'l of medical treatment may be housed thero temnnmrllv

nl elghty-nlno Injured In a total ot 114 accidents. It seems to bo generally established that tho most anil tho worst of avia tion fatalities during tho past twenty yeqrs havo resulted from exhibition or "stunt" flying. Certain aviation en thusiasts oven go so far ns to main tain that mechanical failure In the airplane of to-day is us rare as It Is In locomotives, uutomobllcs and steamships. L'ntll men lose their skill and dar ing the conquest of the air must go on. And though the victory be at tended by casualties, It Is encourag ing to remember that not every flyor loses when ho dices with death. LAWYER MUST PAY HIS CLIENT $45,000 Invested Woman's Money With Irresponsible Persons, Is Judge's Decision. Justice Lydon In Supremo Court to day decided Thomas R. Martin, n lawyer, of No. 21 West 126th Street former district uttorney ot Wllkcs Barrc, Pa., must pay .Mrs. ICmma A. Setlen of No. 14 Irving Place, $15,000 Tho court ruled: "The defendant not only Improperly invested tho plaintiff's money, but In several Instances arranged to share In tho profits. In uttu rdlsregard of his duties, through his confidential rela tions as attorney, Instead nf protectln, her Interests nfter Investments were mndo of questionable chnracter. he took no steps to protect tho plaintiff from tnevltabla loss. Tlmo and aguln hn Invested lir niony with prson.i of financial lrrsponslhlllty. "It Is Impossible to ercapo tho eon elusion that unfair advantage of the plaintiff's confidence wcru taken by tho defendant, resulting In her bcln defrauded out of parctlcally all her money." DRY NAVY FIRES FIRST SHOT AT RUM-RUNNER The, Mrlifilnlo. Ontfooted In Chnae nf SUMplrfoiia Schooner. It was told to-day how thu Prohibi tion navy fired tta first shot, a blank, In tho war outalde New Vork ater against hooch. Tho nuvy was repre rented by tho Mehalatoi, formerly a uubmarlnu chaser, niaklni; her maiden voyago as a rum-hunter under Capt, Howard Weasel. At 7.30 P. M. Thursday, tlx miles nouth of Long Beach, way beyond tho three-mllo limit, the Mehalatus sighted a kchooner thut coast kuhhIs had re ported as having been hanging around (or two or threu duys. The schooner was cceplng In shore whrn she Ulscov ereil tho Prohibition bo.it. She put about and started to sea. A vole megaphoned In reply to qu Jtl"U (hat thf schooner was from Canai'b fur (he llahamaa. A blank shot wa- fred, but Instead of stopping the vi-ooner It made her so faster. Ti.' rurr.-l.unter followed for three hoi'r.i, then was forced by heavy seas tr xbaiidun pur suit. Kou nt: ATii uv siioou.Mi John Ryan. No. 30S Kast S2d .Street, wits held without bull by Magistrate Hatting In lorkvllle Court to-ciny on n short atlldavlt charging homlelilo Hi m accused of killing Knill I'u.n V" 3S p. -it 71t Hired, it, ,, . i

ON A ROCK PILE

12-Ycar-Old Youths Taken From Institution and Head master Now Sues. To twelvc-venr-old boys enrolled at the ttlvcrdaln Country Boarding School were, their parents allego. put to work with picks on n rubbish and rock pllo by Headmaster Frank S. Hnckett for nn Infraction of dlsclollne. Tho boys were taken from tho school and Mr. Hackett nt once Instituted suit against the parents for $1,350 each, representing tuition for tho scholastic vear. claiming n breach of contract. The fnthers claim damages to tho health of their sons. The caso enmo to light to-duy In answers to this suit filed by the par ents, John J. Haydcn, a banker of New Itochclle. nnd Herman D. Iloosen, tin Ink manufacturer of No. 613 Sec ond Street, Brooklyn. The boys am William 11. Hayden Sd nnu nouen Dudley Itooscn. In comment upon tho case to-day, Bertram Davis, counsel to the school, saldt "The school had the welfare of tho boys In mind. T,ho hnv uhnuirt not bo blamed for the shortcomings of their parents." Complaint In the hcattmasicr s ac tion was not filed, but tho answers of the parents, filed to-day, staled thnt thev visited the school on Oct. 13. 1920, nnd found their boys at work .viil, nlrlin on the debris nnd stonn piles "under pretence of disciplinary measures." The lioys, incy suueu. were lielng "compelled unwillingly und .m,i. hi ,'nmwnMilnn. to undergo cer tain hardships nnd Indignities unsultod to their physical strength. Medical treatment was necessary for the tioys. they alleged, and Mr. Hayden sues for $200 nnu Mr. jiooscn lui , I vmninf,! ... - ..- ir,i Hint ufter tho stone" nllo episode they ngrrod with tlu hcudmnster that tho boya should lermlnato their studies at tho school and considered this a right to void their contract for tui tion fees. Mr. Davis said a motion in the case would 1)0 made next week. ALDERMEN FEEL SAFE IN RAISES Meinbers Do Not Believe Tax payers' Suits Will Be Instituted. Members of the Board of Aldermen do not believe thcro Is any likelihood of a taxpayers' suit to test tho legality of their salary raises from $2,000 to $3,000 a year which becamo effective when the present Tammany controlled board came Into office, but which had been voted for by a provlous board. The charter provides that tho Board of Aldermen shall have tho power to Increase salaries, but that these In creases shall not becomo effective dur ing tho "tenuro of ofllco" ot those who vote for tho Increase. It Is contended by tho Aldermen thut tenuro of ofllco means "term ot ofllco." Therefore, tho term or tenuro or ofllco of thobo In tho old board who voted tho In. crcaso of tho new board hud actually expired before the Inceraso went Into effect, although somo ot tho old mem bers wcro ro-clected. Kven If thcro were a taxpayers' suit, tho Aldermen contend, no court would decide for the taxpayers because of the clearness ot the charter provision. MARY GARDEN'S JOB IS NOT FOR POLACCO Instill Says Organization Will Be Gntircly Changed if She Retires. CHICAGO, April 15. Following publication this morning of a report that Mary Garden would retire as general director of tho Chicago Opcru Company, .Samuel Instill, hend of the Civic Opera Association, controlling the company. Issued a statement deny ing specifically that Giorgio Polacco, conductor, had been employed to suc ceed Miss Garden as director. Mr. Insult's statement Indicated MIsb Garden has not resigned. "No ono has been discussed to tako Miss Garden's position In the event of her retirement," tho btutcmcnt said, "Tho executive organization will imi of an entirely dlffeient character should Miss Garden retire." BROWNSVILLE POLICE WERE ON THEIR JOBS Six Men Oatlie.red In Tor Allesed Crimea In Few Hoars. Tho vigilance of policemen In Browns vllle, Brooklyn, led to' tho arrest lato last night and early to-day of fourteen charged with attempting to rob a lanriy stand at No. 1.87 Dumunt Avenue and of two alleged to have been caught leaving a window curtain establishment .No 2617 Fulton Street, with rools of vur.aln material under their arms. Patrolman Crecgan of (ho Ubcrty Avenue Station saw four men about tho candy stand and on approaching they started to run away. Ha halted thun with bis pistol. Tho prisoners Identified themselves us Samuel IlerkowlU, No. 344 Osborn .Street: Samuel Kruvls, No, 344 Alabama Avenue and Isidore Kbsbnvr of No. 173 Llvonlu Avi-iuie. Tho stand, according to tho pollcciiiun. hud boon forced open. Detective McGowan of tho Liberty Avenun Statlmi arrested Leon Mnhedy. No. 557 Dihlll Hoad. llrouklyn. and ii!M-ph t i'..idii, of No. SI1 K-nt Af- . . i II' v .' '( i , ll.u III,

Penitents Wi!h Cactus Lashes

Scourgr Each Other All Day in Strange Good Friday Ceremony

Whole Fanatical Sect Cut and Exhausted Which One Is ALBUQUERQUE, N. M April 15, (Copyright). In four counties ot New Moxlco and tho eastern part of Ari zona scores of members of Los Her manos Penltcntcs (tho Penitent Broth ers) aro picking cactus spines from their own and each other's backs to day. Other members who played stellar roles In the crucifixion cere monies of the order on Good Friday are lying In Improvised tents terribly oxuausicd. Although great secreev usunllv Is Imposed concerning tho observation of tho Pcnltento celebration, the bars wore let down somewhat this year. One of tho ceremonials took place only a short distance from this place ana was watched by a nartv of sc. lectcd sightsoers from hero. Tho largest and most Imnnrtnnt of tho colonics of the sect gathers an nuully at tho eastern session In a. cleft In tho fenn Bias Mountains, south ot Albuquerque. Hero they lash each other with plaited cactus nnd erect their cross. The aged and the children were al- POTTER ESTATE GOES TO WIDOW Nothing to Mrs. Stillman, Dece dent "Well Satisfied" She Will Get All Later. The will of James Urown Totter, father of Mrs. James A. ytlllman, wus filed for piohato In Surrogate's Court to-day. All his estate, valued at "upward of $10,000" personal property. Includ ing a trust created under the wll of his mother, Mary Louisa Potter, Is left to his widow, May Handy of Newport, It. I. Iteguidlng the limit disposition of the trust fund, Mr. Potter says: "I do not attempt to multo any appoint ment of the principal of tho said share of my mother's estate, so held In trust for me, from and nftcr the death of my wife. If sho shall sur- vlvo mo. or In the event that she shall not survive me. liecnnso I urn well sutlsfled In cither contingency to permit tho samo to pass In default of appointment to my dnii"Mcr. Anne Urqnhart .fUlllmnn, or to her Issue, pursuant to the provisions of ray mother's, will." Milium V.VI.I.I0Y TIIAFKIO MAM i:u. I'. J. Woiilffl, Assistant Traffic manager or in- un c i Vnllov Rn rnmt died this morning on tho "L" station nt CGth Street and Ninth Avenue. Mr. Woiilfo. who was fifty-seven yours old. suffered from heart disease and It Is neiioved. Incline a spell coming on left ii train nt Clith Street. The body was removcu to me wesi ssth Street Sta tlnii. With his wlfo Mr. Woulfa lived ul No. van Cortland rark Avenue. pnaers, Heywood Broun Drawn by Herb floth.

Mr. Broun has been called one of the most brilliant writers in America. His pen jabs you into clear thinking; his humor makes you glad; his cheerfulness helps you to get the day's work done; he is always stimulating, always understanding, always instructive and always inter esting. Many of the best informed men and women of the times find their inspiration, the entire background for their day-by-day thought, in fluenced by the range of information and clear-cut vision of "It Seems to Me."

SUNDAY 609,290 A. B. C. 4nnuul Am Iff I

in Southwest Terribly in Annual Rite, in V "Crucified." - till towed this year to rlda In rude

wagons or upon burros. However, tho aged were not excluded from thtf , whipping ceremonies. If ono had loatf his or her life because of the fanati

cal practices he would have been con sidered a fortunato brother who "htd- been called above, washed of hl Ins." Arrived at the chosen spot, Indi cated weeks previously by the prleaU and chleftafhs, the penitents eatab-' llshed their rudo camps. Twelve' brethren wcro selected to erect the croBS. Throughout 'Thursday night all prostrated themselves In prayer,. chanting In unison. On a peak over looking the valley was stationed a lookout, who, an the warning streaks of red signalled tho break of dawn on Friday, raised his voice In a loubT cry warning the praying brethren' their hour was approaching. Immediately cactus whips were passed out, several to each family. The male members were stripped to the waist. Only thin garments werer permitted on tho others. Tho worshippers ranged themselves In ii demi-circle. Again the watcher on the peak raised his voice. Day had arrived. Then the members be gan lashing each other across the ' shoulders und back with a frcnty which would have quickly overcome less fanatical persons. Occasionally one fell, unable momentarily to en dure the torture. Progress toward the hllls'dc where tho cross had, been placed was stow. due to the frenzy with vjhlcff they wnippeii encn otner. lieroro the cere mony of binding the chosen brother to' tho cross was completed the number of weeping, praying penitents hud been reduced to u few sturdy believ ers. At thu cross, the victim, clad only In a loin cloth, called on his brethren to grunt him tho honor of the cruci fixion, symbollu of the punishment of tho Master. Rude thongs nnd creepers grown on the mountain side were employed In lushing wrists nnd ankles to tho roughly hewn cross. About him the brethren remained grouped, continuing ttieir devotions. Occasionally one fell exhausted only to bo replaced by an other who had recovered from earlier experiences. As tho sun sank toward tho west ern horizon the frantic movements slowed und finally stopped, so that at dark profound sllcnco replaced tho pandemonium of tho day.. All through the hours of the cere mony the participants Ignored their physical wants. Neither food nor water passed their Hps. Tho crucified brother was cut down, from his cross at dark and left lying on the sand to recover as best he rrilght. Through tho night and to-day the family groups worked laboriously ex tracting tho cactus spines from each other's bodies. Intense agony ac companied this process, and many were reported In n somewhat serious,, condition. However, so far as could be learned, thero were no fatalities at this year's devotions.

Character Is Given a Newspaper by the Men and Women Who Write It

VERY ONE who knows books and plays and thinks about things in general, knows Heywood Broun, dramatic critic of THE WORLD and chef of that daily pot' pourri of literary tid-bits assembled under the broadly inclusive heading, "It Seems to Me."

14 4 m '4 A 3 to


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-05-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281597/1922051601/0827.xml ===

VOL. LXII. NO. 22,050

QUEENS RY. DOUBLE FARE HEADS

MAYOR STARTS HEARST BOOM

WITH A CALL Editor Is the People's Candi date, He Declares, and De mands That Now Is the Time for Leaders to De clare Themselves. Democrats and Republicans Will Drop Party Affiliations andvVote for Him for Gov ernor or U. S. Senator. ' Mayor Dylan to-day practically nerved notices on Tamnuiny Hull that William Handolph Hearst is the real people's candldato for either the Gov ernorship or United States Senate, that the voters will support him Irre spective of party creed und that now Ih the time for leaders to declare whether they arc "with w people or the Intercuts." Althoufe'i tlkV.Wuwt refrains from using the Vrd l.adcr, It Is understood that Ids statement, which was Issued In unswer to a ques tion by an Kvcnlng World reporter, alms at Charles K. Murphy. Inasmuch as the Tammany leuder has not yet declared himself, the Hylan statement eun ho iVyiiidud cither as a spur or a' throat The last paragraph of the Mayor's statement is the most significant. It follows the usual Hearst political campaign material und Is us follows: "This year the people will cut away from party lines and stand with the candidate, whether ho be u Democrat or Hepubllcan, who will serve their interests. Let those who wish to stand by the corporations, regardless of party, come out now, so that they can bo placed in the class .where they belong against the people's Interests. The Mayor's remarks on Hearst were prompted by the following ques tion: "What do you think of William .1, Conners's action in opening head quarters for Mr. Hearst In New York City?" "I haven't had time to consider it," leplicd the Mayor, "but I wish to say this: That whenever the 'namo of such a man as that of Mr. Hearst, whose sympathies are with the people and who has character strong enough to stand behind his guns. Is mentioned for Governor or any other high office, you can see the public utility corpora tion sympathizers in tho Democratic and Republican Parties and the corporation-controlled press squirming. "There are thousands of Repub licans and Democrats nil over the State who want the Government of Hie State run m the Interest of the pcoplo and not tho corporations. There nro reactionary Republicans ana reac tlonary Democrats who prollt It n creature of tho corporations Is In con trol at Albany, and they set up an (Continued on Fourth Page.) RADIO PARTIES TO GET PRIMARY RETURNS FROM AIR

DIRECTLY AT TAMMANY A L

Results to Be Broadcast To Night for tfirst Time in Pennsylvania. PHILADELPHIA, May 10. Thousands of Pennsylvania radio fans were "tuning up" to-day to get primary returns to-night at "radio parties." Newspapers, a big department store and other concerns in various parts of the Btato have announced that they will broadcast the results of the rotlng. "Radio parties" at home will take tho place, tn many cases, of tho old-fashioned way of getting , returns by reading them off a bulletin board or going to a thc tre to'heur (hem announced from lite fctsge. :

"IF IT HAPPENS IN

Copyright (New tork, World) hj l'ir Tubllthlng Company. If)?.

THAT IS THREE THUGS ROB E Two Employees and Woman Customer Covered by Guns Robbers Escape. Alfred Madden, a Disltict Superin tendent for tho Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, was held up In the ff v ... iL. - .. . a siuru ui .-so. iOJU eastern Purkwny, nrooklyn, at J o'clock lifts afternoon and robbed of a satchel containing $l,?4fc Muddeii had been making collections from the stores In his district and was about through the day's work when he readied the Eastern Parkway store. The clerk In charge had tho receipts of tho day be fore ready for him. When Madden 'had placed the money Into his bag three men who had entered the place took charge of It. Two attended to Madden and the clerk. The third shoved a woman, the only customer, Into corner und told her to keep still. "Nothing will happen to you. lady, but be quiet," she was told.' "My baby's outside and is crying," said the woman. "We will 'be out of he.-e in a min ute," was the reply. The sight of, the. guns caused Mad den to offer no resistance as one of tho men jerked tho bag from his hand. After taking the superintendent's accumulation of money the robbers ushejjed him und the clerks into a rear room, locked the. door on them and walked out. The street was full of people, the section 'being as lively as anywhere in ltrownsvllle. No one paid any particular attention to the three as they walked swiftly to an nutomob'le and drovo away. MRS. STILLMAN DENIED EXPENSES Court Refuses to Grant Money to Get Canadian ' Evidence. Justice Morschauscr of the Stiprcmo Court in White Plains to-day mdae known that he has refuse dto grant Mrs. Anne U. Stlllman nn additional sum of J6.9G0 for the expense of Be curing testimony In Canada to aid her in the defense of the suit of James A Stlllman for divorce. The decision reads: "Msjlon denied hilt wltlinut imct. ' The hearing arranged for to-mor- row has been postponed at the re quest of counsel for Mrs. Stlllman and her youngest son, Ouy $200,000 JEWELS IN LIGHT SOCKET Custom s Officials Fine Them on Pullman Two Passengers Arrested. BURLINGTON, Vt.. May 16. Forty diamonds, estimated to bo worth $200,000, were found In an electric light socket In the drawing loom of a Pullman sleeping car when customs officials searched a Boston-bound ex press train ut Rouses Point, N. Y. about 9 o'clock Jast night. Two passengers, who gave thei names as Louis Lover and Victor Cer vlllo of Philadelphia, were arrested on smuggling charges and taken to the Clinton County Jail vi pjattsburg, n. y.

"Circulation Books Open to All."

E: T Time From Cherbourg to New York 5 Days, 17 Hours, Experts Estimate. GREETED WITH NOISE. Met at Quarantine bv Distin guished Visitors Docks This Afternoon. The .Majestic of the White Stui Lino, the biggest ship which ever floated on any sea, arrived at Quar antine at 12.35 o'clock this afternoon. an hour earlier than the ofltciaN oi the line had u jredicted when she was reported passing Kiro ' Islund at 10 o'clock. Because of the time neces sary for health and customs inspec tions on the great vessel, It was not expected she could get to her berth on the Chelsea plqrs until late this after noon. - - .-. - ' FroivT the lime tfio "afajesttc en countered the first outgoing steam chips as sho approached the harbor, she was saluted with long, hoarse blasts of whistles and walls of slrons, and as she made her royal progress up the North River there was a deaf ening tumult from every nolsemaklng device afloat or ashore. Pier No. 59 was prepared to receive the Majestic. It Is the longest pier In the port and was lengthened In 1911 to receive the Olympic and the Ill- fated Titanic, whose first voyage end ed In disaster. Tho Majestic, though her engines novo not yet "found themselves," made a new record for a first voyage from Cherliourg to New York. She passed Eddystonc Light at 11 o'clock last Wednesday night nnd was abreast of Ambrose Channel Light at 11.40 this morning. Shipping experts fig ured the tlmo as just fivo days and seventeen hours. The new United States liner Re liance, going out us the Majestic came Into the Bay', saluted her with three mighty toots of her whistle and a dipped flag. The honor was acknowl edged and there was a rapid exchange of complimentary signals. Tho Mauretanla, whicli hns the fastest record from New York to Cherbourg, fivo days, eight hours and sixteen minutes, passed the Majestic nt yuaruniine ouiwara uounu. uu- servers did not get the Majestlc's message to the Mauretanla but caught the Cunardcr's answer. "Thank you." The port officers of the company and a band of distinguished guests went down tho bay on the tug King fisher J.0 meet tho Majestic at Quar. antinc. The Majestic yas rormeily the Bismarck, built in Germany and allo cated to Great Britain by tho Allied Reparation Commission and then sold to the White Star Line. Sit Bertram Hayes, who Is In command. sent out a wliclcss message yesterday saying tho ship was averaging about 24.25 knots Tho Majestic accommodates 5,100 persons, has nine decks five In the lover part of the hull running its full length. Sho Is 930 feet long, 100 feot beam and 102 feet deep from bridge to keel. Two railroad trains could run abreast through each of the three funnels. She has a crow qf 1,000 000 bottles of ale and stout, 1,00'j lUarts and 1,600 pints of champagne, 1.000 quarts and 1,300 pints of other wines, 4,000 bottles of whiskey, brandy and gin and 300 bottles or liqueurs. FRANCE INCREASES ' MILITARY BUDGET PARIS, May 16 (Associated Press). France will spend 323,000,000 francs more on her navy und 231,000,000 francs more on her army next year than this. Tho budget of 1923, submitted to Parliament to-day, provides for ex pendltures amounting to 23,180,000,000 francs, with receipts amounting to only 19,285,000.000. This deficit, rep resenting the Interest paid on money advanced for reparations expenses chargeable to Germany, shall le raised through loans.

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1922.

Madly in Love, Couldn't Wait," Says Valentino, "Sheik" of Movies, Faced With Charge ot Bigamy

California Authorities May Proceed Against Actor Who Wed Winifred Hudnut. LOS ANGELES, May 10. "We wero madly In love and couldn't wait any longer." This Is Rodolph Valentino's reason why ho rushed to Mexican, Mexico, and married Winifred Hudnut, daugh ter of tho wealthy perfume Manufac turer, before getting a final decree of dlvorco from his first wife, Jean Acker. i Valentino, famous .screen lover, Is virtually an exile from California to day. Dlvorco experts of this State bo Uovo ho cannot return until a year has elapsed and his Interlocutory decrco, granted recently, has become llnal. Superior Judge' J. W. Summerfield, whoso decisions In big dlvorco cases in Los Angeles have made, him an authority of national reputation, was asked for comment ou Valentino's case. He called attention to tho warn ing printed at tho bottom of every Intetlocutory decree. This reads: "This Is not a Judgment ot divorce. Tho parties are still husband and wife and will be such until a final judg ment Is entered one year from the entry of this Interlocutoryjjudgmcnt." Other dlvoico Judges concuned in this general statement, riaklng It cljar, however, thoy were not ex pressing official opinions r.s 10 Valentino case but merely olting to rulo applicable to any such case. The District Attorney's omce, HKeu what action would bo taken If Valen tino should return to California wtin his bride, stated action would bo con sidered only after official notlco ot iho case hud been received. Valentino and his bride have f malncd on the Mexican side of the border since the ceremony. The film actor's statement aliout being madly In love Is the only word that has (Continued on Fourth Pagc.i PRINCESS FLSTETICS DIES AFTER OPERATION Dnughter of KnulUli DaUr Once Wife of Prince uf .Monaco. BUDAPEST, May 16. Tho Princess Feitetlcs de Tolna. divorced wife of t Prlnca ot Monaco, died here yesterday aged tevcnty-oW, following an operation for appendicitis. She waa Lady Mary Douglas-Hamilton, daughter of the English Duku "f Hamilton and Brandon, and married th Prince of Monaco In 1869. Their mar riage was annulled by the Vatican 1 1S80, nnd slid became tho wife of I'rlnio Festetlcs d Tolna In tho same year.

IT'S IN THE EVENING

. II jr : josh. nasaM- im

MRS'JO-DQfcPH VAlE.r4.YI HO, TO ADVANCE RATES OF PARCEL POST IMnv Also Put on Service Charge for Each Package to Meet Expenses. WASHINGTON, Muj IG. Post master General Work announced to day that In view of "tho fact that In creased costa of handling parcel post mail necessitates a porrtHpondlng ad vance in parcel post rates," ho was writing to a large number of parcel post users to get tholr views on pio posed changes. The changes suggested. Dr. Woik said, Included a service chartse of one or two cents on each parcel tegardless of weight or zono, and to readjust i ttes. Dr. Work suid there has been pruc t'cally no change in parcel post lates smco the servlco was Inaugurated In 1013, although tho cost amounted to $300,000,000 more In 1921 than in Its initial year. LEAGUE TURNS DOWN THE RUSSIAN PROBLEM Coanrll liefer, ((notion to I he Genoa Conference. ilKNEVA. May 16 (Associated Press). Tho Council 'of tho League of Nations rtfusod to-day to tako up the Russian pioblcm and referred to the Genoa Con J, renca tho Norwegian Government's rt-uuost for an Inunedlatu Inquiry by tin' league Into the general -Ituatlon In iM'sia. und tho cnVct of the fuiiiliie on L'conomlo reconstruction In Luiopv.

rntrrnl m Mn-ondt'lan Mntl'r Pout Offk-e. New VorU. N. V.

TO BOY S MURDER

Man Facing Electric Chair Involves Two in Murder Plot. TO BE EXECUTED JUNE 5 Raffaele Ready to Take the Stand Against Those 'He Involved. Itoberto Itnffaelo, who Is In thn death house at Sing 8lig awaiting execution on June 5, for tho kidnap ing und murder of Glufloppc, Vnrotta, five-year-old son of Salvatoro Var otta. No. 351 East 13th Street, It Is reported, has made a full confession naming tho real murderers of the boy. District Attorney Banton would not deny or confirm the report when tho trlaj of John' Melchlone anothwot tho alleged Ulack Hand gang, was abruptly postponed at the rctiucst of a representative- of the District At torney's office to-day. Tho trial was to have taken place beforo Supremo Court Justice Francis Mnrtln, und 150 Jury talesmen wero In court: The boy was kidnapped during tno last week of May, u year ago, und Haftaclo and Melchlono, with threo others, woro arrested for thu crime. A ransom of $2,600 was demanded for tho boy's return, accompanied by u threat that ho would bo drowned If the money was not forthcoming, oV If the pollco were notified. Whllo tho five men wero In tho Tombs tho 'boy was drowned and his body iccovorcd on June 5. Itaffaele was convicted, condemned to tho electric chair nnd the scntenco waa confirmed by tho Court of Appeals. It Is said that his confession reveals the entire plot with the names of every person connected with It and that he will tako the witness stand for tho State. Tho other three under Indictment for tho murder of tho child arc Antonio Mnrlno, James Muggier! and Santa CnBsamcno. Their counsol are formor Judgo Ionurd Snilkln and Abraham Goodman. WALSKA SETTLES WITH COCHRAN Singer and Rich Husband Come to Terms Pend ing Divorce. A despatch from I'arln says Alexander Smith Cochran, mllllonaliu fporturnnn and carpet manufacturer, and his wife, Gannn Watska, former member of tho Chicago Opera Company, liuvo coma to terms on tho money t-nltleinent their lawyers wont to Fiance lo negotiate pending the Institution of divorce pro ceedings In tho French courts. Both Blgned the deeds, tho despatch said. Tho amount Mr. Cochran will settlo on ilino. Walnka whs not stated. Samuel Untermyer. counsol for Mr. Cochran, -recontly denied u story from Paris that the singer will Ret 11,500.000 and homes tn Paris und London. Alvln Untermyer. reprt'enting his father on behalf oi Mi Cochran, und Dudley Field Malone. for Mnie. Walska. sailed on the Anultanlu Muy 2 ACTOR FOUND DEAD , IN ROOM IN HOTEL William Panv Ends Life After Rcing Idle for Several Month-. William M. Ilurr. inembt-i of the National Vaudeville Association, and known on tho stage as Hurry Man tell, was found dead this morning In u bathroom n the fourth floor of tho Hotel , r, No 252 West Thlrty-clghl ei't !) Ilynun Ulumenson, tot ot the hotel, who called uu ambulance. Harry, who came from Modford. Mass., has t-eveial children living in that vicinity. He had been duI of work for several months, .nd lu.l been III.

To-Morrow's WALL EDI to All."

R.R. RECEIVERS OF QUEENS CO WHO CHARGEDEXTRA5C.FARE SPEND 45 MINUTES IN JAI $

TONS OF POWDER s

Heroism of Volunteers Saves Perth Amboy From Destruction. Heroic work by firemen and em ployees of tho White Lend Depart ment of tho United Load Corqpnny'r' plant nt Perth Amboy to-day saved tho town from tho effects ottho-cxr plosion of tons of powdor stored In tho outbuildings of tho United Stato.i Cnrtrldgo factory, 160 feet away. Tho whlto load factory was de stroyed with all tho stock on hand. The loss Is CHtlmated at Jl,50O,0QO. Tho flro started tn ono corner of the building, which was a frame struc ture, 250 feet square, two stories high. There wero 100 rooms for tho storage of whlto lead In cans, from tho tlmo tho flro got Into tho first of theso compartments and tho oil In tho lead Ignited thcro was no chnnco of saving tho building. Tho flames Jumped from room to room with loud explo sions of the heated oil gas. With each report, showers of sparks und burning beams wero thrown high In the air and carried off toward tho cartridge works. Tho heat was so In tense that the firemen could not reach tho hydrants Insldo tho plant nnd had to tako their water from street faucets ait eighth to a quarter of a niTlb away. r'lie Chief Harry Tooker devoted all IiIb efforts to saving surrounding buildings. Streams of water were sprayed from tho cartridge factory as n screen agulnst thu flying snurkd. A volunteer bund of Lead Company employees went Into tho hpucu be tween, broke Into n corruautcd Ivcn shed In which, tho powder stock lor the loading of cartridge was stored and rolled the drums of explosive to safety. HIS DIAMOND ITCH BETRAYS JEWELS Customs Authorities Seize Tickling Gems Sewn in Un derclothes, They Say. Because the sharp edges of a uum bcr of diamonds sown to tho Inside of his underwear cut his skin and nindo him Itch, Ourbarino Ilendetto, forty-five. No ISt 10 Jumalca Ave nue, Jamaica, by his scratching nt tructrd tho attention of customs guards on his arrival from Italy on tho Dan to Alighlcri. As a result of tho Investigation which followed, a pair ot diamond ea rings valued ut $300 and numerous gold rings, loose and set diamonds and a womnn's watch removed from hli underclothes wero to-day seized by the customs service. The diamonds unu jowciry were sewn so close to Dendetto's arms. It was said by Inspector Collet, who mado tho search, that they were only found after a second search, Tho Dante Alighlcri arrived Saturday and tho Jewels found then wore held by the customs olllclals until the seizure to-day. MRS. WILLS ACQUITTED OF MURDER CHARGE MAYS LANDING, N. J . May li. Mrs. Marcella Wills was acquitted tO'

day of the charcu of murder lodged nciilnH liar for tli" killing of her hus band, Lvwls A. Wills, a construction n slnner I

Weather UNSETTLED. STREET! TION PRICE THREE CENTS VV. Huff and R. C. Lee Ac cused of Violation of the Public Service Law Refuse . . . . A '

to Mirnish Bail and Are afc -m

Complaint Entered by Edward ' D. Hutchinson of the Tran sit Commission They Se cure Writs of Habeas Cor pus and Are Paroled. S. W. Huff and, Robert C. Lse, re ceiver's of the Stclnway lines of tho New York and.Quecm: County Itall iW Compa$iy,Vwero locked up In tho Queorii County Jail this morning on order of atastrap; IfscEyillller. ot tho 'Long island City Pollco Court. Aft,er' a hearing yesterday Magis trate Miller found that a cose had been mado out against them.on the compjalnt of Edwnrd D. Hutchinson. an Inspector of tho Transit Commls- i slon, which accused them of violation ,. of tho Public Servlco Commission Law J In charging an extra 5-ccnt fare on; the lines under their Jurisdiction. ) Ho held them for Special Sessions."; fixing tho ball at $500 each and giving S thorn until this morning to furnish bond. They appeared this mnrnlnpi i before Maglstrato Miller, accom-; panled by thelt; tminsel, Alfred T. j uuvison und William E. Stewart. in response to an Inquiry whether they wero ready to provide ball. Urn, attorneys flatly refused to provide It. The reasons for tho rofusal. they stated, wero tho contention that no ffense had been committed, that thero were no reasonable grounds tor be- . Moving Mr. Huff and Mr. Leo guilty and also that tho Magistrate had no power to hold thorn on tho charge. , Without a moment's hesitation Maglstrato Miller ordered Mr. Huff ' and Mr. Lee committed to the Queens . County Jail, placing them in the cus- "; tody of Capt. "Thomas Mohan, ot tho court squad. This officer at onco took them to tho jail and delivered them ; to tho Warden. Simultaneously, lit. Davison and Mr. Stewart prepared a writ of habeas ' corpus and presented It to Justice Cropsey of tho Huprcmo Court, who ordered the two receivers brought be foro him. Aftor tho receivers hail lieen In Jail about three-quarters of an hour tho writ of habeas corpus was served on Warden Fox, who took his prisoners beforn Justice Cropsey. There they piesontcd their applica tion for release on the ground that their commitment was unauthorized. District Attorney Dana Wallace was ready to argun tho matter at once, but tho attorneys for tho receivers asked nn adjournment In order that they might get the minutes of tho Magis trate's Court. Then Justice Cropsey paroled Mr. Huff und Mr. Lee In thu custody ot their uttorncys for appear ance on Thursday morning. The contention of tho receivers, u expressed at tho hearing yesterday, is that when they took over tho Stein way lines they created a new system nnd that, therefore, thoy wero not' obliged to gtvo thirty days' notlco of a new tunff, ns Section 29 of tho Public KcrvlcD Commission Law re. quires In tho cuso of established lines. From Mr. Huff, tho Corporation Counsel drew the admission that the President of tho Third Avenue road had understood he was to be appoint ed rccelvor, and that three weeks be fore tho recelvrshlp he had Investi gated the condition of the New York and Queens County roads. He also sent over one of the employees ot the Third Avenue Company to examlno tho cars and equipment. "Why did you send this man over'" Mr. Huff was asked. "I was tequestcd to do this." was the response. "Was the person who made this re quest connected with the Uuion Tru t Com puny'." Against h urijaytlons of the rr-


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-06-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294105/1922061601/0371.xml ===

VVi OOTERS CAUGHT AT ARVERNE FIRE RUINS Photographs Showing Half-Mile Area of $2,000,000 Fire Which Destroyed 150 Buildings at Arverne on Page 3 feTo-Nlflhf. Weather PROBABLY SHOWER8. To-Morrow's Weatrur PROBABLY 3HOWER8.

-j rqF ix HAPPENS IN NEW YORK IT'S IN THE EVENING WORLD'

II WALL I STPEET

rOL. TiXTT. NO. 22,077 - ite Federation of Labor iader Says Private Firms Secured the Cream. fcKS STATE MONOPOLY r. Untermyer Says It Would Save Employers $24,- 000,000 a Year. conjuring' up the bogey; of allsm against the State fund fea- of the workmen's compensation trance In this State, private In- ace companies have succeeded In Bating approximately $86,000,000 of Insurance from the State according ta testimony given to- bcforo the Lockwood Housing ilttee by, John M. O'Hanlon, Krman of the Legislative Com- ee of the State Federation of or. met Untermyer, counsel for iUe slative Investigators, announced at he Intends to make another at- lot at the next session of the MlilslaUvo to have a law passed civ il the State a monoply ot work- 11 compensation insurance. li'What proportion of the workmen's npertsatlon business Is do no by th? )te fund In New York State?" Mr. htermyer asked Mr. O'Hanlon. "The entire amount of insurance ns over $10,000,000 a year, replied Jv witness. "The Stats Fund gets is than $4,000,000. In other words. gets about 9 per cent, or around &at." "So nearly 30 per cent, of this State tkmen's Insurance goes to private. mpanles?" asked Mr. Untermyer. "That is a fact," replied the wit i. fl"Why does the State fund get so Lttle of the business and the private lempamts ine vnci uuu m h. Ir. Untermyer. l"We believe,1' icpllcd the witness, Rhat it arises from the fact that the I'keutlty insurance companies, from the beginning, set up the cry of So- ialtim against the Stnlo fund pro- sal, and many employers of labor lieve that they are flrhtlnr Soclal- by not Insuring In the State in- jrance fund " l(Mr. Untermyer 'announced that he ran in lavor oi iaie monopoly oi grtmen's compensation insurance; loj -a form or insuranco wouio mean IX SSual saving of $24,000,000 to the ytjyers of workmen throughout the ate. Ir. Untermyer even went furthor. declared thut tho passago of work- n's compensation legislation irroughout tho Nation would mean nunclal benefits far bnyond rcallza- Kougmy csuinaung wiuu kuch station would mean, if national- M, ho said the employers of the buntry wpuld save in the neighbor ed of $200,000,000. Sir Untermyer indicated that there '(Continued on Fourteenth Page.) REAL ESTATE ADVERTISEMENTS for The Sunday World Must Be in lis World Office To-Day Ffore 6 P. M. Jo fruvre Proper CUttirtcition

Copjrigit (New Tork World) bj Free rnbUahlag Company, 11.

SUBSIDY BILL GOES 10 HOUSE WITHOUT T Marine Committee Turns Down Amendment Barring Ships That Sell Liquor. WASHINGTON. June Without a record vote the House Merchant Marine Committee rejected to-day the Bankhead Amendment to the Ship Subsidy Bill providing that no Govern ment aid should be allowed ships on which liquor was sold. The Edmonds proposal, which would extend theolateod l.w'ith lea-y fining all ships of any registry touch ing American .ports on which liquor selling was permitted, was not acted upon and the committee ordered the bill reported by a straight party vote. The committee adopted an amend ment requiring two-thirds of crews in deck and engine departments ot pas senger ships should be Americans; but without the citizenship requirement for steerage crews on passenger ea sels. Rejection of the Bankhcad amend ment was expected to put the fight over the question of Prohibition .a sea squarely before the House, unless a rule was allowed which would per mit a vote on only committee amend ments. In that event, Representative IlSnkhead announced he would force it to an Issue on a motion to iccom mit the bill with lustructlons to insert tho amendment designed to close all bars on American ships sharing in the Government subsidy. Meanwhile, in the executive branch. although officials wero understood to be still discussing the question to-day, there had been no developments be yond the Indication at the Treasury Department that Attorney General Daugherty might be asked soon for j ruling on the legality ot liquor selling on American ships. In this connec tion Mr. Daugherty said that It such a request was made It would be acted on as speedily as possible. Nobody is looking for an adverse ruling from tho Attorney General. In view of the opinion rendered by Gen eral Counsel Schlcslnger of tho Ship ping Board thai selling liquor on the high seas wai legal, Secretary Mellon is indisposed to initiate action, but If Commissioner Haynes requests a rul ing from the Department of Justice the Secretary will send It along. The Treasury Department describes the question as "academic" and Involving no "moral issue." WALL STREET BOMB SUSPECT IS HELD Arrival of New York Detce tive Keeps Lindenfcltl in Warsaw Jail. WARSAW, June IS (Associated Press) Detective Sergt. Clinton Wood of New York, who is said to have been lent to the l5epar tmcnt of Justice so that he might bring back to the United States Wolfo Ltndcnfeld, alias William Llnde, in connection with the Wall Street explosion of September, 1020, has arrived hero. Wood came to Warsaw Just as local police were on tho point of accepting ball of SOO.oqo marks for the release of I.lndenfeld. Ball now has been re fused. Charges in connection with the Wall Sticet explosion have' been sus ponded and new chaises of blackmail nd extortion picfcncd against l.ln- nuimiM i ur nji"RCi ri lines rc miii I lei mi I'uli&k IciiiUiiy.

"Circulation Books Open to All.'

ME TO AIM RADIO T, Only Station Desired Can Re ceive Message, Says 'Ik Inventor. , NO WORD OF MARS YET But It Is Possible to Flash Around World Here to Experiment. Although he has had no communica tion from Mars and has not attempted to communicate with that planet, Slgnor William Marconi, perfector ot the wireless telegraph and telephone, announced on Ills arrival In New York to-day on board his steam yacht and floating laboratory, the Elettra, that he had perfected a system by which radio messages can be projected In any desired direction. Under methods of operation In voguo here, radio mes sages can be broadcast only scattered In all directions. Slgnor Marconi has sent radfo mes sages 100 miles avralF.tahead which nAt IimWI -rnts nt tint V(.f1 vT- aimed at. In time, he said, apparatus will be perfected which, in his opin ion, will project radio messages with tho accuracy that marks the trans mission of telephone or telegraph mes sages over wires. Tho idea that messages may be re ceived from Mars la not fantastic, Slgnor Marconi insisted. Ho is con vinced, he said, that a wave length ot 130.000 metres recorded by his In- rumnl ! on the Klcttin, while cruls ini in tho Mediterranean last winter, tamo from Mais or Venus, or was projected by a magnetic dlstuibance on tho fiiin. The Elettia dropped rfin-lior orr West S6th Slicct at noon. Sisnor Mar coni receded icporters and Introduced them to his assistant, Ga.ston Math iou. an eminent Belgian engineer, and to the rommandcr of tho yacht, Capt. Rafael l.iuro. The chief object of the visit of Slgnor Marconi his rlghly-fifth to America is to attend tho meeting of the American Institute of Radio En gineers and tho American Institute of Electrical Engineers In this city next Tuesday. He will address meet ing and describe at length recent ex periments he. has conducted on the Elettra. loiter, he 111 visit Schenec tady, Newark ami other radio centres and will broadcast at least one ad dress from Newark. "America," he said, "iPads the world In radio development. I have been amazed at the variety ot enter tainment and Information sent out by your broadcasting stations which I picked up on my receiver on the Elettra. "During the cruise from Southamp ton by wny of tho Azores, which took twenty days, I experimented mostly with machines for the development of high speed In wireless transmission. We have developed a sending speed of 200 words a minute. While In New York I rm going to conduct some experiments on the Elettra to deter mine how many words a minute we will be able tr. receive. "Wireless telegraphy to-day Is mere economical than the cabio. Jt In possible to send n wireless message around tho world, wmi mo ueveiop ment of wireless will como rapidity of transmission that would appear to bo incredible to-day. GIRL AND TWO MEN SLAIN TOGETHER Found Dead on Railway Tracks Apparently Beaten to Death Willi Clubs.. MIDDLETON. Term., June IE. A triple murder mystery confronted police here to-day with the disroery of the bodies of a girl and lo juung men side by side near tho Southern Hallway tracki. eleven miles -aat of here. p parently they eie beaten to dealh with clubi. The body .of the girl win identified x thnt of Vilina I'arkei. eighteen, of Chttanoon, Ten iiwui .-i(rl In hav. IiPPH Itl lh company of the ictlms ."0iii nn icfun. U io I'U'.lUo im'ii loini'l, jit oun uumcu

NEW tORK, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1922.

Court Sharply Rebukes Coun sel and Says Slayer Must Await Turn. DEFENSE TURNS ABOUT. Time Whole Story Was Threshed Out, Defendant's Attorney Announces. When Walter S. Ward was arraign ed for pleading before Justice Mor- chauser in the Supremo Court at White Plains at one o'clock to-day hi counsel, Allen R. Campboll, made a complete change of his attitude to ward the Investigation of the killing of Clarence Peters. Ward felt, his lawyer said, that the time had come when the case should have a complete hearing and atked tor an Immediate trial. Justice Mprscliauser severely re- bukeil the defense for assuming that th( convenience or comfort of Walter Ward would be served In preference to that of other men awaiting trial. He showed Increasing impatience with the attitude ot tho Ward laWyers, and finally warned them not to provoke Mm into saying things about them which were better unsaid, but never theless true. "The defendant, If you please," said Mr. Campbell, answering the re quest for a pleading to the 'murder charae as stated by District Attorney Weeks, "pleads not guilty nnd asks a speedy trlnl. There are circum stancesinto which it. is not neces-s-iry for me to go. but with which Your Honor is familiar" "Tho plea is not guilty," said Jus tice Morschauer to the clerk, sharply "Of course, counsel may make any motions they wish. "Tho defendant Is held without ball," said Mr. Campbell. "It Inno cent ho should not bo lequiied to rr main in jaJl until the fall term or court. Ufa health Is not of tho best." "Thctr Is a pool colored man in the Jail wultlng to be tried," said thr Justice. "He lias asked for a pced trial. The District Attorney his agreed. He shall ho tried first. W'u should this man be favored? I im not going to do it. If you would pro duce those two men you are talking about wo could go with some rca.on There arc relatlNes of thn defendant who delay and interfere with tho in vestigation by remaining- away. ' "Suppose .no agree to bring them here?" said Mr. Campbell. "All of them?' asked Justice Morschauser. ' "I meant only tho relatives," said Mr. Catnpboll, "we do not know where the other two men are." Attorney John F. Brennan Inter vened to aid Mr. Campbell. "There is no evidence against this (Continued on Twenty-fifth Page.) POLICEMAN'S BODY IS FOUND IN WATER Disappeared While Guard ing North River Pier During Strike. The body of Policeman Edward Moraghan of tho Charles Street Sta tion was brought up from the bottom of the North River oft the foot of Perry Street by a diver at 11 o'clock to-day. Moraghan had been stationed at a pier to protect workmen for n sand and gravel company against which a strike had been declared. He was missed at 4 o'clock yesterda morning. A search was made and the pollceinanis cap nas found flout lug In the slip fifteen feet from the bulkhead. No explanation of his drowning has been had. No atrikets had been seen in the vicinity and there were a num ber of other policemen and watchmen on guard near by who heard no sounu of n quuiivl nor suw any one pai- them golnj towaid the sand il the vcc of th pin hclnn I ul, Moittahmi 'a.j pusi-d.

WOMAN WHO TRIED TO KILL SELF WHEN SENT TO PRISON

! 'Bjji J 7-"C" lf ) t)t))C

MPS. BERTHA W. YARDMAN. TRIES TO STAB SELF Given 1 Years in Auburn; Husband and Chase Given Terms 4-8 Years. Wh'n Jiiatlco I.outs Martin In th Criminal Term of Supremo Court Im poed a hentnnce of not Ipss than one nnd one-half years, nor moro than thren years In Auburn Prison on Mrs Biith.i W. Yardman to-day, for criminally receiving stolen property the woman fainted. Recovering quickly, Mrs. Yardman cried: "I will never live to begt that sentence." Seizing a hat pin tho woman attempted to stab herself but was i"estrolned by John Meade, t court attendant, and two women pro. batmn oftlccrs. I'nui tu her sentence, Justice Mar. tin sent Arthur F. Chaso to Slni siinir I'lison for not less tlmn four nm moio than eight years, and Imposed a like sentence on me woman a lius Imnil. John W. Yardman. Chose was a guard at -he Chase National Hank and Yardman a former einpii)ee. jiuiu pieaueu guilty irmnd larceny In tho first dpi-rce. , I,., theft of 1500.000 lx-iniln fmtn I tho Chose bank lost April. An envelope ot Mnnk paper was substituted I r si iptnint of the half million dollar worth of securities consigned tu Ne, Eng'awl bank. chai.e confessed that he made th sunst, tutlun and planned the robber !. Vardman's assistance. Th c.iiso tiann has lecelved $440,000 Ti3ith o" the -ecurltles, $30,000 woi ma n I ligation and Insuiance cove i is i em j. n ng $30,000. hie Moni.ii Titwr.i, ntKr.u. V r,it. Pu.ltjer (World) Bulldlnr, M 3 i., ,. n. N. T. City. Telephone Petlinrun ii rhtt.lt room for baggage and pmi. .., 'I.. "Jght. Momy oi4fra .id l. ... .. Ultwiti lot fall. A4vl,

Entered Seeand-Claat Matter roil Office, New Ytrk, N. Y.

IT CADET STRAIN HITS AUTO INN. J. Seven Passengers Reported Injured in Grade Crossing Crash at Allaire. GIRL LEAPS; ESCAPES Was Driving Motor Car at Time of Accident Victim's Home in Kansas City. (Special to The Evening; World.) ALLAIRE, N. J., Juno 16. Jeronie Stewart of Kansas City, a cadet at the West Point Military Academy, was instantly killed at a grade crossing here to-day while trying to save an automobile, the engine of which had stalled on a track In front of a Penn sylvania express train which was ap proaching at the rate of (0 miles an liourt,,.MlSR Jeannetto Bmethurst of Fnrnlngdale, who was driving the car When It stalled, Jumped and es caped Injury. Stewart could have saved himself had he. followed her ex ample and heeded her advice. The locomotive of the express train, after jumping the track and dragging two coaches filled with passenger over the ties for thrfjy jrards, turned over. The engineer and fireman Jumped and escaped Injury. Seven passengers in the coaches were hurt. One, I). J. McIIenry, a Government Inspector, is in Spring Lake Hospital suffering from Internal Injuries which will probably result fatally. Stewart was in uniform. He had been stopping for several days at the home of W. H. Smethhurst, a friend of his family. At 0 80 o'clock this morning he started for Long Branch to take, n train for the West on his way to Kansas City. Miss Smeth hurst volunteered to drive him over In her father's car. The express from Philadelphia hound for Long Branch was half n mile away when the car stalled on the railroad track. Miss Smethhurst Jumped immediately and ran along the road calling to Stewart. Instead of Jumping, Stewait moved over to tho driver's seat and began lo tinker with the levers and try to start the engine. The engineer of the up punching train, who bad applied the airbrakes, sounded his whistle, and Stewart at last tried lo escape. Ho got out of the car, but stum bled against a tie and fell. The loco motive threw the automobile against Inm and knocked him twenty feet from the right of wny. He died a few minutes later. Tho wreckage of the automobile slipped under tho cowcatcher of the locomotive and derailed the front trucks. Tho driving wheels followed nd then all the wheels and the -big inaehlno lurched along drunkenly. Behind It tho coaches humped ovei the ties shedding shattered gtsss from broken windows. The passengers were buffeted abobt and nearly all of them sustained minor bruises. MRS. MALLORY LOSES IN NET SEMI-FINALS American Defeated on Brit ish Courts 01, 20, 0 a. LONDON, June 16 (Associated Press). Mrs. Molla BJurstedt Mai lory, tho American lawn tennis woman champion, was defeated In the semi-finals of the Kent Tennis Cham plonshlp In the women's singles at Beckenham this afternoo-a by Miss McKane, the British stai Miss Mc Kano won by the score of 61, I 6, 0 S. EllDER ward entrains TO GO TO PITTSBURGH Millionaire llakrr Learn Wll llaniapnrt. a llrlrrnl. WILLIAMSPOUT. P . June 1 -CJeorne. H. Ward, whoae son. Wallet S. Ward, was Indicted yeaterrtav by the Westchester f.W V.) Grand fury for the killing: ot Clarence Pot era. left WilHama poH lo-riay on a tmln lha! ronneeis i Iirli Haven for Tjronne and PI'M h.rsh I' ! hlec, Mi ui,l h.i - cn '

to All." TO TELL Condemned Man Goes Over History of the Killingof the Italian Boy.V'f Sentenced to die In connection with the kidnapping and slaying of Gut- sepps Varotta of No. $54 East' 13th Street last year, Roberto Raffaslo, twenty-five, lif tho death houso since) last August, was brought down from Sing Sing Prison to-'day at his own request to testify ugulnst Ills alleged accomplices. Before Judge Tallcy and a Jury, In (ho-Court ot General Sessions;, young Raffaolo protested that he never had seen the Varotta boy dead or allvo, that he had been brought. Into ths gang after tho kidnapping and' that his only service was that of go between. He was sent to the Varotta home four times In one night, he said, In an endeavor to collect the ransom. Men now under trial on the charge ot murder In the first degree ntu James Rugglorl. Santo Cusnmano, Antonio Marino unci John Mclohlone. According to Rarfaelo the first throe named were tho leaders. 'I was sitting in Union Square Park one night Ute In April." naf. faelo testified, "when Rugglorl sat down alongside mo nnd got Into con versation. I had been In the service and I was working In an east side restaurant for $C a week. "Ruggierl told me thcro was un easier and better way. Ho belonged tn nti nrirnnlratlnn. tin said, 'which had kidnapped a boy and was folding him for $2,600. I could Join them They needed some one like me to act as messenger to assure tho parents that tho Ilttlo fellow was well cared for and would not bo harmed If they would como across with tho money. Raffaelo told of going Immediately with Ruggierl to 13th Street nnd First Avenue and meeting Cusamano anil Marino. On tho wny. ho said, Rug- glerl pointed out tho Varotta house. Fifteen minutes before midnight that night, Raffaelo testified, ho made his first call. Varotta was not at home. Mrs. Varotta said they had no money. She gavo him n letter to bring back to tho men. "Around the corner In First Ave imo Mnrlno was waiting for me with . 'usamano," he continued. They read the letter, spoke of tho $50,000 Va rotta was suid to havo collected as the result of an automobile accident iiml derided to take tho $500 Mrs. Va. lotto must have mentioned In the let. ler and 'get the rest later on.' "I went back to toll Mrs. Varotta they would take tho $600. Sho did not have It. Her husband had not como home. "I returned to tho gang. They had had mo trailed. The man I passed on tho way out ot the tenement house, they said, was Varotta, When I went hack to tho tenement Varotta fell on his knees, kissed my hand and begged for news of his boy. I assured him tho child was well. Ho promised to have the money tho next night at 10 o'clock. in the course of the next day Rue;- gteri. he testified, talked thn mutter over with his friend Melchlono and brought the latter that night to his meeting with the others In Cooper Square. .Melchlono was taken into tho gang, ha said, and selected for tho last call on Vaiotta. They all were arrested In the neigh borhood. ItJ Meo'a Two Pante Summer Suit., II4.IIJ. Tha 11UI1 CLOTHING Corner, H'way. cnr. Iianlay Ht. lopp. Woolwortli Uldg.i. will ell to-day and Saturday f.'J Men'a ami Young Men a loo I'aina numnier Haifa In the itaaon'a necit ahad. Snort mod.li. ingle and double breattot, all Hji; alio ralm iltatn Mnnau aoia eiaawnai at gJV uur peciel r" tor lo-dny and fcUltit ll.a ami I7 I" .laturdav night i., t" HUP Cl?ihiCil, Uioday coi SnUl) S-Alvt,

AL PRICE THREE CENTS Twenty Acres of Hotels, Stores and Dwellings in Burned Area Hundreds Homeless Orphan 'Asylum De stroyed, i Mayor Visits Scene of Devas tation Lays Low Water Pressure to Private Com panies Citizens Demand ed Fire Boat. An expert estimate made to-day of the damage wrougft by tha conflag ration which swept. Arverne last night reduced the property damage from the "origtna figures to a total which In not likely to exceed $2,000,000. The tire completely destroyed nearly twenty acres ot buildings, most of them homes ol'perlshable frame con struction, a' total of about 160 hotels. stores and dwelling. 1 Hundreds of persons have been made homeless, though quick relief measures found most of them roofs for the remainder pf tho night. The extent of the fire was from Beach GSth to Beach 2d Street, from tho water front to tho Long Island Railroad tracks. This stretch of land to-day looked like a war devastated area in Belgium or Northern France. Police Captain Kruscher ot the Rockiway Beach station complctod a surj-ey of the devastated territory this afternoon and estimated the total loss at $1,000,000, The buildings destroy, ed included 10 large hotels and board ing houses, 82 cottages and residences, between 50 and 60 bungalows, the Coast Guard Station, the Israel Or phan Asylum, th Ideal Laundry, the Jerome Baths and the Franklin Dulldlng. This survy was supported by David Uiscnberg. an insurance and real es- ' tate broker In the Rockaways. Ho said thn hotels and boatdlng houses destroyed were:. Nautilus, 60 rooms; Elizabeth, 60 rooms; Grand View, 30 rooms; Robert Burns, 16 rooms; Vic toria, 46 rooms; Plaza, 30 roomsf Alexander, 48 rooms; Beach Apart ments, 60 rooms: Posner Cottages, 50 rooms, and the Alexandria, 25 rooms." Lack of water pressure In the mains Is to-day held to be accountable for tho rapid and, for long, ungovernable spread ot the fire. There was a brisk northeast wind blowing- when tha flames broke out, and In a little while it shitted, carrying the blaze tn other directions and making the 'firemen's task almost superhuman. Soon after the fire was seen to be in the nature of a conflagration, po lice were atutloned all over the atca threatened, to bo on the outlook for thieves who might take advantage of the excitement to tob. Several men wero arrested with money, clothing and other articles which Indicated they hail been stolen. Two business places In Arverne were broken into during the flro. Major Hylan, accompanied by Com missioner of Accounts Hlrshtleld and Commissioner Whalen of the Depart ment of Plant and Structures paid a brief visit this forenoon to tho scene of the flie. Whon the vIMt became known to the business nifn of Ar verne they hastened to tlnd the Major and his party, but they had gone back to New York. When iho Mayor i turned o City Hall he said: "According to li'jimatlon I ie ctived. the Fue Pcpartmcnt wai greatly handicapped In tlghtlm,- the nie because of bad watet prcssbie. Private companies supply wnter to that entile section I am sola;-; ' order the Commissioner of Water Supply to hurry plans foi extending the city watei system throughout' th length nnd bicudth oi Uiv Itockanajs.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-07-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294105/1922071701/0977.xml ===

Sete an i " - ,i ,. : THE , EVENING WORLD, MONDAY, JULY 17, 1922. 14, DEBS CALLS UPON STRIKERS TO UNITE Widow of Hammerstein to Wed Italian Prince, Cousin of King Father Kepi Boy, Nine, Chained To Tenement-House Fire Escape Until Neighbors Told Police CANT WED HER. SO MASSING FOR FIGHT CLOSE TO LIMERICK FOR FINISH FIGHT

mmw1 - . . . .

M i n ir-n t ni-nr-

& LUVtb NltUt. ffr f

KILLS HER AND SELF

PaSsaic Man, Laughed At by Brother, Returns to Slav Child In Sleep. Because lie loved his fourteen-year-old niece and had been forbidden by her father to marry her, Irving Har nett, twenty-nine, a Passaic news dcalor, entered her homo In Passaic early yesterday and killed her with & .38-callbro revolver ns she slept Standing by her bedside ho then shot himself, dying nn hour later nt the Passaic Oencral Hospital. The dead girl was Sndio Barnctt, daughter of Mr. and Mis. Herman

Baraett, No. 129 Parker Avenue, Passaic. Sleeping with her at tho tlmo "was hor sister Bertha, thirteen. Tho mother heard the reports and ran to her daughters' room. Five other families in the building also were awakened and hurried to the scene of the tragedy. Saturday morning Irving told his brother Herman that ho was in love with Sadie and wanted to marry her. "Why. she is only a girl," tho fathor replied. "You aro only kidding .your self." r "No," Irving la said to havo ,re ' piled. "I love her and I'll eventually cet her." According to tho police. . Irving exclaimed angrily as he left his brother, "All right, you'll sea what Is going to happen. You'll be sorry." Irving Barnctt had been attentive to his niece since he was discharged from the army. He served with the 87th Division. Ho lived only a short distance from his brother's homo. Both bodies were burled yesterday afternoon in Lodl Cemetery. RUSSIAN NOTE STAYS HAGUE DISSOLUTION Soviet Delegates Call for Conference, Mukmg Con cessions. THE HAGUE, July IT (Associate-! Press). A' communication from the Russian delegation to-day held out u prospect that the conferenco on Rus slun 'affairs here, wheh had socmo.1 on the verge of a final breakdown, might be resumed. Muxlm Lltvinotf, head of the Soviet delegation, usked for u meeting of thi Presidents of tho three non-Russian sub commissions with tho Huu. slan delegates to study means for re Humlng the conference. As the uRsslans wcro leaving tho peace palace one of tho dclegute.i said: "This probubly will reopen the conference." The Russian nnswer that accord was 'possible, provided the powent abandoned their ultimatum for the restitution of confiscated property and indicated what countries would par tlclpate In financial assistance for Russia, with the amount and form of such assistance. . The Russians Insisted that they were disposed to study tho form of compensation for confiscated proper ty, but wlshod to postpone this ques Hon until they know the amount o the claims against them and until tho question of financial assistance was Bettiert, LONDON, July 17. Prime Minis ter Lloyd George told tho House of Commons this afternoon that unless a solution was found for tho dead Joe kiln Tho Hague Russian confer enccg the British delegation would proftably return to England by the cndpf the present week. EUGENE ORMONDE DIES AT SARATOGA SPRINGS Actor Wi At One Time With Aubu'Xum Daly' Stack Comimiiy CAKATOOA SHRINK, N. Y.. Julv 17. Ormonde Eugene Jenkins, known on the (tag as Eugene Ormonde, died Inst night at the Saratoga cure after a long Illness. Mr. Jenkins was about sixty yea old. He was born In Boston and anion his flrat theatrical engagements was one with the Augustus Daly Stock Com pony. He supported Blanch Bates and juuKwck Ajjfiiui. iiv ib BurviveuyiJy 1110 mwm v , Ldiuui uv M uiuihiUi .linn

Leader of 1894 Rail Walkout

Declares Patriotism During War Was Mockery. CHICAGO, July 17. Kugeno V. Delia, 1 cart or of tho Great American Hallway Union strlko In 1804, to-day Issued a statement to striking railroad men and othor unions that tho tlmo has como for tho rank and fllo to unite and "strike together, voto to nether and fight together." . "There has boon some slight dls order and a few scabs havo been hurt." Mr. Debs said. "This has been tho extent of tho violence, but it has been sufficient to bring to tho strikers what they fought for In tho Into World War. The Federal Gov ernment announces through the De partment of Justice that It -will stand nc trifling on the part of tho striken) and that If necessary armed force will bo employed at onco for their sup pression. Governors of seven States have simultaneously announced that they have tho National Guard In their re spective States mobilized and ready to move at command when the exi gencies of tho situation demand ac tion. "You will havo no trouble guessing what kind of nctlon Is Wills meant on tho part of tho Natlonul and Stato Governments which you shouted for, voted for, Invested your last dollar for and crossed the Atlantic to fight nnd bo gassed nnd die for In tho war to make Uio world In general and America In particular safo for demo cracy and liberty. "If In the light of this situation you do not realize tho crying need for unity, for solidarity on every front, re gardless of creed or color, you are in deed In a pathotia plight and your caso Is all but hopeless. Your week craft unions havo got to bo converted into a powerful Industrial union, and you have got to cut loose once and for all from the rotten political parties of your masters. STEEL LADEN CAR OF CITY FERRYBOAT u Runs 'Into Powerful Cur rent and Hits Pier Occupied by Fire Company. The Central Railroad of Now Jer sey tug, Jersey Central, Capt. George W. Baker, towing two floats cuny lng loaded freight cars nnd moving northward In tho East River close to the Manhattan pier lino on a strong flood tide, shortly before noon to-diiy, ran Into powerful currents nnd eddits Just llow tlin Grand Street ferry. The tug was lashed between tho two flonts and was unable to kep them headed upstream. Tho rear end of the tow swung shoreward and crashed into a pier oc cupied by No. 6G Engine of the New York Mre Department. The shock parted tho lines binding the floats to the tug and the outside float was caught by a sweep that ran It Into tho ferry slin at. the foot of Grand Street where the municipal ferryboat Wyoming had Just discharged tho last of a big cargo of trucks from Broad way Williamsburg. Capt. Baker and his crew managed to get hold of nnd control tho float that had struck tho Fire .Department pier. The other struck the Wyoming astern with a jar that released the blocks under the wheels of tho cars. A flat car loaded with steel ran half way onto tho lower deck of tho Wy. oming and remained suspended lc- tween the ferryboat and the float. l-'our freight cam oladed with cement ran off tho float und sunk to the hot torn of tho ferry slip. While no one was hurt the wreck was a bad one. Commissioner of Plant and Structures Orover Whalon estimated that It will take four or Ave days to raise the sunken freight cars and permit the slip to ho used In the meantime tho Grand Street ferry Bcrvlco will be crippled. WIFE DESERTED HIM, REPLIES DOCTOR, SUED Ilr. Mnrlilrntunr SnjB Slic Struck Hint at Oilier. Piling an nnswer In Supreme Court to-day to litis w(fe"s suit for separation, Dr. Joseph H. Marbleatone, of No. 1356 Msdlson Avenue, denies at her nllega tloiiB and chnrKts that Mrs. Marble tone abandoned him on Feb. 24. re moved ull the furniture from their home and went to the Hotel Netherland to reside. Trior to her departure, he said, hi wife struck him In tho preecence of hi patients, causing "great mortification. He also says he was harrfd from his home lor threa days. He seeks the cus tody of their daughter, Lucille. I'lCKKIt W4V TO DHAT1I. Andro HHjek. a Polish laborer, of No. izi sun otreei. uutlenberir. N. J., wu Instantly killed this afternoon by the explosion oi uynnmiie at mo Clurnoo Belmont stonc-crualilng works at Oran ton. a soellon or North Ilcnren. N He had been working among some rocks wun a pick, whn, It Is believed he struck the pleco of dynamite. Ho wob nuneu more than nitien feet.

'-'' rWfok ,bbbbbWL y ,tS -fer- HbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbW , ' BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB

widow of tho lato Impresario, has announced that In a year she will wed Prince Oleg V. Iladomnr, a cousin of the King of Italy. Mrs. Hammerstein Is not wor ried over the marriage of Sep tember to Juno. Tho Prince Is In his early twenties, many years her Junior. Mrs. Hammerstein, who vras born on a farm near Syracuse, N. Y., already has made two matrimonial ventures. . Tho Prince, who Is not at all wealthy, Is now In Smyrna on business for the Standard Oil Company.

GOLF TITLE CUP REVEALS IDENTITY

OF GENE SARAZEN, NEW CHAMPION

(Continued From First Page.) there until I was almost fifteen years old when Sparling gavo mo a Job as caddlo on the Brooklawn links and a sort of assistant to him. I would rather play golf than eat, and I made hit with Sparling by always being willing to do anything he wanted me to do, nnd when ho was engaged at other things and ,1 had no job to look after I would take my clubs and a ball and go out und work on lm proving my weak points, It was not until I was seventeen years old that Sparling told me what he really thought of me. He wild he thought It would take mc about four years to get into shape to hold my own with the best golfers In the coun try. You bet I was pleased at that but doubtful, thinking maybe he was kidding mo along because ho liked me. I guess he saw what was In my mind because he said: " 'Whon you aro twenty-one. years old you will havo your big day In golf.- Sparling was some prophet. On Feb. 18 last, my twenty-first birth day, I won the Southern open chain plonshlp In New Orleans. On that occasion It was something like out at Skoklfc. Nobody knew I had won until all tho cards were In and mine was found to be the lowest. Nobody hod paid much attention to me. "At Skoklo I went Into tho com petition with a great deal of con tldence, but some of that had evapo rated after I mado a score of 74 on the first round. I thought that would bo very high that a dozen of tho older players would be ahead of mc, "But that evening when 1 compared my score with the others I saw I hadn't done so badly. And I had been off my best form. So I figured that if I could run up so well with the stars when I knew I wasn't playing my best gumo I had a chance to win out at the finish. After the second round I felt sure I would win and it nan a Rood thing for mo that the crowds overlooked' me. I had noth ln to b.thcr mo and noth'ng to do but play the best golf I know how." While renewing his acquaintance with home cooking at the homo of his parents at Rye, the champion will keep In practice on tho links In that vicinity. He has accepted an Invlta tlon to uso the links of the West- chester-Blltmore Country Club and will visit tho links he played over as a boy and on July 80 at 2 P. M. will play Tommy Armour, Urttlsh ama teur, 18 110108, He Is entered In the Canadian open championship at the Mount Bruno Club, Monti cal. This competition bo gins on July 28. Hu told nts frlonds In Pittsburgh as he was pass- lng through on his way to New York yesterday that ho will go to England next year una compoio jor mc iiruisn open cnampioumiii), which was won

BbBBBBbLaOm! , IdgalriBBBBBBBMflBBBBBBlBB. bbbbbbS JbbKbbbbBSbbJbbbbIbbbI

P?iMce young man," says Mrs. Hammer stein, "exceptionally well edu cated, and speaks seven lan guages fluently." "Ho is a serious minded last month by tho American, Walter Hagcn. FIRST CHAMPION WHOSE GOLF STYLE CAN'T BE DESCRIBED Sarazen's Play Not Observed by Critical Writers Had to Watch Others. CHICAGO, July 17. In addition to the distinction of being the first per son of the Latin races to win the na tional open golf championship, Gcna Sarazen of Pittsburgh, the twenty-one-year old professional who per formed that feat at Skokle Saturday, Is the first player to win a national golf title and yet bo so little known to golf experts that none can describe tho stylo of his play. The genial youngster, who snatched the premier golf honors from a neld of 329 doughty Scots and American adopters of their native game, was not observed by eager galleries or by criti cal golf writers. Ho ploughed his wy around tho Skoklo course twice In the qualifying rounds and four tlme3 m the championship, yet no one paid any attention to him until he turned Invo tho last nine. Then, whon word spread that he had scored 33 for the penultimate nine, the golf writers alono realized that ho had a goodly chance to down tho hotter known players. But the frisky stripling was already well on his way to the tenth green and there wore tho mighty Ha gen, tho sturdy John Black, with his Scotch brogue nnd black pipe, and tho brll llant Hobby Jones to watch, for they had reputations nnd would likely win if any ono could bo better than another by a stroke or so in such a galaxy. So tho boy of Italian ancestry tripped home in 35 for a record 68 In any championship fourth round be fore tho news really spread that ho might bo tho wlnnor over all tho cannlncss of Scotia, tho Importurba blllty of Britain and the wonderful energy of native America. But it was too late to watch the prodigy. SECTION OF TARIFF WRITTEN BY MAKER OF COTTON GOODS WASHINGTON, July 17. Senator Lcnroot, Republican, Wisconsin charged to-day in tho Senate and Senator Smoot of Utah, ranking Ro publican on tho Finance Committee admitted, that the section of tho Tariff Bill imposing an additional duty of 12 per cent. ad. valorem on fancy cotton cloths was "word for word" as proposed by formor Sen ator Honrs v. Llunltt. nntfnr. ,nnii manuiaciurer or Providence, R. L

Must Have Long Breathing Spell in Reparations, Allied Experts Find. PARIS, July 17 (Associated Press.) Members of the Allied Committee on Guarantees' returned to Paris to-day from a month's inquiry in Berlin with the majority of Its mem bers convinced that a moratorium of two years or more on cash Indemnity payments is the only solution of tho present financial crisis in Germany. The report of the committee to the reparation commission prqbably will be mode Thursday or Friday. While It will not contain, It appears, a def inite recommendation for a morato rium the members of the committee are expected to inform their respec tive delegations that a long breathing spell must be accorded Germany. It was learned from a reliable source that the French member of the com mittee is the only one who does not favor a moratorium. Despite this, he Is expected to sign the report of the committee, which will be strictly tech nical In character. The committee's inquiry has led a majority of the members to believe,

It Bcems, that Germany has been making an honest effort to carry out the budgetary reforms laid down by the Reparation Commission, but that the country is suffering from the mis takes made before these reforms were Instituted. The committee unanimously agrees that the fundamental fault lies with Germany, because of her long delay In bringing about the financial 're f' -ns which would probably have pro vented the fall of the mark. The Reparation Commission was officially notified to-day that Germany had deposited 32,000,000 gold marks In banks to meet her July 15 erparatlon payment. BAIL IN MURDER CASE FIRST TIME For the first tlmo in tho history of the County Court In Brooklyn, a man charged with murder In tho first de gree was to-day released on ball. Assistant District Attorney Voss, ap pearing before County Judge Reuben D. Haskell, made no objection to the ball whon Natale Slclare of No. 1738 80th Street, Brooklyn, indicted on a charge of murdering Clementl Foc-j ciolo on June IS made the application. Focclolo was shot and killed in Washington Street. No witnesses have been found by the prosecution, but according to the police, Focclolo Identified Slclare when he ws dying in the hospital as tho man who Bhot him. Attorney Edward J. Rellly, appear ing for Slclare, told the court to-day that the evidence was not sufficient to warrant the Indictment and that the defense would be that the identi fication was made by a man who was in his dying convulsions. When Judge Haskell granted the application for ball, six friends of Sl clare tendered securities for the amount. PROMOTERS MAY BRING ACTION FOR $15,000,000 Court Ttnles Against Kidder, Pea- body A Co., and Others. BOSTON, July 17. The full bench of the Supreme Court ruled to-day that the Arm of wlllett. Sears & Co., pro moters, might maintain an action for $15,000,000 against Kidder, Peabody A Co., K. S. Moseley & Co., the Chase National Bank of New York and Rob ert F. Herrlck, an attorney, alleging conspiracy to Injure the business of the plaintiff. It Is alleged tne defendants entered Into a conspiracy to deprive the plain tiffs of their shares In the American Felt Company and the Daniel Green Kelt Company, and succeeded in acquir ing practically all of the plaintiff's stock in these companies, valued at $10,000,000. It Is alleged that Herrlck, employed to organise a syndicate to ob tain a special loan for the firm In July, 1918. did not act in good faith and Joined the conspiracy. CREASY MURDER TRIAL PUT OFF TO SEPT. 18 Uenrr A. Uterhart to Defend Al leged Slayer of Tracher, The trial of William Creasy, the Fort Thomas (Kentucky) youth, who Is charged with the murder of Kdlth La voy, Freeport school teacher, was ad journed to-day until Sept. 18, by County Judge Lewis J. Smith In Mlneola. Creasy was In court and said he felt certain that he would be able to present evidence wnicn woum result in bis ac au lltai. The defendant told the court he hoped to secure the services of Henry A. M(r. hart. Upon hearing this, Judge Smith assigned Mr. Uterhart to look after the prisoner a imeresv. CHICAGO FIREMEN'S NINE LEAVES FOR GAMES HERE CHICAGO, July IT. Tho Chicago Tin Department baseball team left to day for New York, where the Windy City firemen will attempt to recover the honor lost to the Oothara team here last summer, More than one hundred firemen and city officials went along to root for the home team. Stops will be made at Washington and Thlladelitfiln unrt the party will reach New York Wednssdoy. New York won two out of Kirse games lattyaui

Little Andrew Karo as He Looked With Chains on His Legs. His Father Is Charged With Locking the Boy in Manacles for Four Days. Parent Held in $1,000 Bail by Magistrate Child There for Four Days John Karo, forty-four, a black smith's helper, was held In $1,000 ball to-day In Essex Market Court on a charge of endangering tho life and health of his nine-year-old son, An drew, by keeping him chained four days In their home. No. 523 Sixth Street. Thero are deep gashes on the boy's legs where the chains cut Into the flesh. Police were told last night by a man who ran into the Fifth Street Station that a boy was chained to tho lire cs capo of the Sixth Street house. Ser geant William Burns and Policemen Harry Raphael and William Witten berg were sent to Investigate. As Raphael entered the rear yard he saw a boy with chains dangling from his legs crawl from the fire es cape Into a window on the third floor. The other policemen rapped on tho door of the Karo apartment ana a man's voice told them they could not come in. They pushed their way Into the squalid three-room flat and at first could see only Karo and two small girls, Helen, thirteen, and Julia, eight, in dirty, ragged clothing. Then they saw Andrew in a corner with a chain about a yard long wrapped around his legs and secured with a padlock. Ho could hobble only a few steps at a time. Helen said her mother Is a cook at Asbury Park, and that Andrew, who Ic in Grade SA in the Industrial school Eighth Street and Avenue 13, "runs away." Last week his father found him detained In the Oak Street Police Station and tho next night caught him making tax balls on tho roof of his home and throwing them at per sons In the street. Karo locked the chains on Andrew Wednesday night, his daughter said being afraid the boy would fall off a roof or otherwl.-s endanger nis me He had not unlocked them since, but two or three times a day, usually at night when neighbors could not see, Andrew was let out on the flro es cape for air. she said. "Yes. I've had to sleep In my clothes ever since," Andrew replied to a Question. He could not get his trousers off over the chain. Helen said she does the cooking and housework and mat ner ratner had not beaten her since she had "lunsr trouble." The brass sashweight chain was filed away at the police station, after which the three children were turned over to the Children's Society and Karo was locked up. Karo admitted ho put on the chains last Wednesday, but said ho took them on every nignt The doctors who oxamtned Andrew do not think he suffered any. per manent Injury..

SslBBBBBK BslllHilslllllllllllllmtL. BbHbbBBBBH i n f - ... -mmmim .

E 10 MEET REQUEST OF U. S. FOR CHANGE Great Britain, France and Belgium Agree as League Council Meets. LONDON, July 17 (Associated Press). An agreement has been reached by Great Britain, Franco and Belgium respecting the points In dis pute In the various mandates for for mer German colonies, and those countries will submit to the Council of the League of Nations, at Its scs slon begun here to-day, new draft mandates for Class A and Class B territory. These revised mandates are believed by tho Allied Powers to embody all the changes requested by the United States and to meet the objections raised In Secretary Colby's note of February, 1921. Only ono point remains unsettled. nnd that concerns tho missionaries In French mandated territory. The French desire more protection against political activities by missionaries. It Is said the episode in Syria last spring, In which Charles U. Crane of Chicago was Involved, has made tho French more emphatic on this point. It seems almost certain that tho Class B mandates will bo ratified. It seems mora doubtful whether an understanding can be reached at this session on tho Palestine and Syrian mandates. Both tho Vatican and the French "Government foel that thoy have special claims on the holy places In Palestine, while thero aro sharp divergencies among tho Zionists, tho Catholics and the Arabs. N Vacation have The t u rn r:l,l 11 UflU 1U11UH UU, 41J.UUl.il very day to your summer hddress. WORLD SUMMER RATES Per Ter Weak Month Morning & Sunday. ,35 $1.00 Morning World... .25 .85 Evemlng World 25 .85 Sunday World 10c. per Sunday sueeerlbe now for any length of time. Addreee changed ae often ae deelred. Tour newedealer will arrange It tor you, or remit direct to Cashier, Now York World, PnrU Row, New York City.

De Valcra Reported to Be With Rebels at General Field Headquarters. DUBLIN. July 17. With Free Stato and Insurgent troops mxsslng In the vicinity of Limerick a decisive battlo which will dccldo tho Irl.ih civil war was believed Imminent to-ilay. . Tho Insurgents nnnounced that Eamonn Do Valera, rebel cader, woo ' now at "Oonoral Field Headquarters," serving oi tho Btaff of tho Director of Operatiots.

BELFAST, July 17 (Associated Press). Reports reaching hero to day represent the city of Cork as suf fering grievously at the hands of tho I Republican lnsurgont forces, who aro said to bo In absolute control of the) city. Tho port of Cork has been closed,' It Is said. Business ' premises havo been seized, their contents appro priated by the Republican troops bil leted with the civilian inhabitants. There has, bean an outbreak- of rob bery Rnd destruction, according to ref ugees arriving here, Interviewed by reportors for the Belfast Telegraph. Theso refugees aro quoted as saying tho trouble began about the tlmo of the attack on the Four Courts In Dub lin, nnd was Initiated by crowds ot young men from the country districts who started an orgy of looting and wanton destruction, devoting particu lar attention to the houses and prop erty of Protestants. Many persons are eager to leave the city, but up to the present time only u comparatively fei have succeeded. Dundalk Is In the hands ot the Nationalists, more than 300 Re publicans having Wn taken prisoner, Saturday Dundalk was held by the Republicans. During tho night Free Stato forces commanded by Gen. Hogan descended upon the town by; road and Immediately began an envel oping movement. In quick succession they seized the county prison and tha county hospital In he south end of tho town, the Bridge Street Barracks In tho north and tho Post Office and sovcrol business houses In tho centre. Cardinal Logue, the Primate of Ire land, preaching jestcnlay ot Carhng ford. County Louth, where ho Is tak ing n holiday, referred to tho present disturbed state of Ireland. He strong ly denounced tho murders, lootings. burnings nnd raldlngs. He said that In future those participating in suct outrages would do so under pain ot excommunication. Ain cnAsir eau sTitAsiuma. ZABERN, Alsace-Lorraine, July 11 An airplane attached to the Stras burg-Paris service fell near here yes terday. The pilot and four passengers were killed. Tradt Uark Advt. on page 12 BIRTHS. CAJJNENUAUM. Mr. and Mrs. Max Can nenbaum wish to announce the birth ot their daughter, QLOIUA. on July 11, UU) Crceton av Bronx. DIED . OOnOKN EMLEN O. CAMPDEIJU F NEItAb CltUHOII, Tueeday, 3 P. M. FUNERAL DIRECTORS. THE HOME FUNERAL Canducttd inexpensively Call Columbus 8200 When Death Occur FRANK E.CAMPBELL Ine'juneral Ghurch u fMM-ncuaiAWi Brpsdwnn at66tnf. Notice to Adversers Tlirltr edTCrtlslni tipo corr end relme erMff for cither toe week du Uomlm IVorld or The rrrolni! World If receiTtd after 4 I. M. tbe dtp preceding publlrttlon ran be taierted only ae epice mtj permit and In order of receipt at Tb World Office. Copy contllnlui rmrirhiii to b taiio bj Tbe world must be reccirta by 1 i: u. PHpltr iditrtuint tjpe copy for tbe Suppln meat Sectloni or Tbe sunder oria muit o, rewind by 1 P. M. TburMliy preceding publtee; lion laq tpicho wusi u, m-t.... - Frldir. Copy containing enirailnss to be nidi by Tbe World muit be recetred by Tburidiy noon. Sunder Ififn sheet cope, trie copy wwco eia rot been renlrcd by P. M. Frlder. and en twins copy which bee not been recuted In tn ruMiretlon offloe by 1 P. M. Wder. and poeUlti insertion orderi not receltrd by 3 I'. M. erlda. will be omitted naidllloni retulre. rllldlr ll tbe oraer or iiieit receipt aoa pvmire roc order. niADlar cony or erdere releetrd later tain rf provided aboie. vita omitted will not eerre 13 earn (ustviuui w au cueractcr, wu.ua . THE WORLD i All "Vo&i and Found" artlcloa advertlied la The Wor'd or reported to "Lost c-r.i Fetsn-i Pur't," Rm lot World BuHdlnv. will b lletetd for thtrtr daye. The llete can be eeen at any of The World' Offloee. "Loat and round" adTcrtleomeot can be left at anr ' The World's Advertleln Attendee, or can be telephoned dlreetlr to Th World. Call 4000 Deekman. New York, or Brooklyn Office. 4100 Main.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-07-17, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294105/1922071701/0979.xml ===

;0i '4- New Picture of American Baroness E ER What Did You See To-Day? in Her Latest Paris Creation TIRED OF WEDDED 1 LIFE, WIFE ASSERTS MISUSE OF FEES

f THE EVENIN.G WORLD, MONDAY, JULY 17, X922.1

OFFERS TO MARRY GIRL WHO LEFT HER ' BABY IN A SIMP

IS SI TO ADIT

" .-T-.-- , , I rrl TTi i .j

4 if li -KS rf M IN A I

Proposal Came by Mail From

.Brooklyn Man Said to Have Good Job. 2,500 BAIL IS GIVEN. Leah Silver Will Be Removed to Private Institution Ofl'ers to Adopt Child. Among ee.veral offers to adopt the paby the abandoned In tha Coney Island swamps a week agrr. which

4S1 reached Leah Silver In Kings County Hospital to-day was an offer of mar Xiage. The proposal came by mall from a young: Brooklyn man who elfrned his name and gave his address

fcnd telephone number. Capt, Busby of the Coney Island Police Station lias checked up the writer of the let. 'ter and found that he has a good Job and a good home and lives with his mother. Through the efforts of Julian T Earrabo, a lawyer engaged by sympa thlzers with the girl, a bonding com pany to-day furnished 12, bw hall, a Reduction from ?5,000, the amount originally fixed by Magistrate James O'Neill. As soon as the necessary for malities aro completed she will be re- i easea irom custody and sent to a Vrlvate Institution, where another paby will be born to her In a couple of weeks. Persons In sympathy with the dis couraged and destitute young woman

jScame to her aid to-day with an at-

ball has been reduced to $2,500 by Magistrate O'Neill. The mother and brother of the girl nave come from her home In Lynn, Mass., to be with the twenty-one-year old mother In her trouble. The young woman, whose home Is In Lynn, Mass., was due to appear before Magistrate O'Neill In Coney Island Court yesterday, but at 4 o'clock In the morning she collapsed in her cell in the Sheepshead Bay Police Station and was carried to Coney Islarid Hospital in an ambu lance. Magistrate O'Neill, with Mrs. Re bckah Sliver, mother of the girl: Harry Silver, her brother; Detective I Lawrence, who arrested her, and thai court officials, mado the trip to Coney I Island Hospital by automobile. Turning to the Magistrate, her face twitching with excitement and nor- vousncss, Leah Sliver "pleaded fori iitrrlnn. "Please, Judge, let me go home with my people. Bhe entreated htm "I'll bo good I will. I will. I'll go to work tho first chanco I get. Mrs. Silver said she would bo will ing to givo a home to little Buth whose mosquito bites aro almost well How, and also to the new baby who Is coming In two weeks. Her Life Sav ings Saved by Arrest For a Few Drinks Site Doesn't Remember

to Auvlhinu After Starlincr

on "Vacation." Each day for years Bridget Corbcy tdood at her bench In a candy factory nnd tolled patiently. And each week n mite was added to her little hoard of eavings. Last Friday her pay envelope swelled tho total to almost $800 anil (die quit her Job. Just what happened between the lime sho left the factory and early Saturday evening no one knows, lenst of all Mrs. Corbey. But Policeman Dohn Fltzmaurlco of tho Charles Street Kttttlon was able to tell what occurred nftcr he saw her Saturday evening. nnd did so to-day heforo Magistrate Oberwagcr in Jefferson Market Court, ivnero unciget was arialgned on a cuurgti oi intoxication.

WL' In Hudson Park, Fitzmauricc said

lie saw u crowd and Mrs. Corbev loudly proclaiming her wealth. Fit maurlce thought bho would bo safer in the custody of the police and tool lier to the Charles Street Station, whore It was found sho had $703 In on'-, two and five dollar bills. nno torn uic magistrate sne win foity-ono years old, a widow iinn liven m ivo. nil tiuoson street. .Siij blurted out Friday to tako a llttl.) vacation, but there her story cndi'l. Magistrate unerwuger impobed a flno of $10 and ordered the policeman to accompany her to a savings bank nnd stay with her until her money viitH safely deposited. RADICAL UNION'S BOOKS AND PAPERS MISSING OrKR'Unntliiu One AVIinae- A. F. if Charter Wn Taken A way. Charges that the nooks, records, &e, o" tho susnended nookkeepers', Sten compilers and Accountants' Union, No 12.C46, have been stolen since the char ter of the local was taken away from it are to be Investigated, according to a statement made to-day by the District Attorney. The charter was taken away from the local last Monday by order I Samuel Uompers, President of the American Fcderafvm of Labor, as a re sult of the activities of ultru-radlcal immbers of the local. Mr. nanton raid to-iiny lie liad re celvcil Keveral complaints regarding the mlaklng books ami records. Hu saiil they wcfli turred over with the charter according to his Information, but were

BARONESS d'ERLANGER. The Baroness U'Erlanger, who was until a short time ago Mrs. Peter Cooper Hewitt, the widow of an inventor-scientist of this city,

has always been distinguished for

picture of her shows the Baroness In a frock which doubtless turned many heads about as she passed. It suggests, In its flowing skirt, the dress of the woman of fashion of the sixties. Utie short sleeves and the short gloves bear out the recent fashion edict of Paris. Hats are evidently to bo very wide this season.

FARM POPULATION IN U. 531,614,269 Rhode Island Has Smallest Proportion Getting Living From Soil. WASHINGTON, July 17. The farm population of the United States on .lan. 1, 1920. was 31, 61 1,'JS'J, or 29.9 per cent, of the total population of tho country, according to returns of the last census announced to-day by tho Census Bureau. Or this i- - bcr 31,350,610 weio enumerated In inral territory and 255,629 on farms located within the limits of cities and other Incorporated communities iiav Ing 2,500 inhabitants or more. The total farm population, which for tho first time was enumerated separately from tho rural population ns a whole and thcrefoic has no com parative figure in the preceding ccn- huh. amounted to 61 per cent, of the rural population, which Includes resi dents of Incorporated cities nnd vil lages having fewer than 2,500 Inhabi tants, unincorporated hamlets, min ing regions and other areas not de voted to ngricullure. Thus, while the mini population constituted, it was said, ncaily one-half of the country's total, only about three-tenths of Its Inhabitants wcro living on farms. The proportion of tho farm popu latlon to tlie total in the various States ranged from 71 per pent. In Mississippi to 2.5 In Rhode iBlnnd. TRIED TO OUTRUN SPEEDIEST COP Rullet From Another Police man's Gun Halls Flight of Fugitive. Arraignment of n young man rail ing hiin.solf Alvln Hall In tlio line-up at Police lleadqunrtcrs on a charge of attempted highway robbery to-day brought out tho fact that Hall, In at tempting to escape tho police early this, moinlng, had tho bad fortune to compete with Patrolman Bart McAl lister, tho champion sprinter of th department. In a run along Central Park West from 104th Street south McAllister was steadily gaining on Hall and would have caught him in n few more Jumps but a bullet tired from the plbtol of Patrolman Barnet Rudltzky passed m close to tho fugl tivo's head that he stopped and threw up his hands. A Qn7r f.nw Hall ?tp up bihlnd a man in 103d Strebt, near Manhattan Avenue, nnd strike him n blow on th head that fellod him. This citizen wit ness blew his police whistle. McAllls ter and Uudltzky picked up tha pur suit beforo tho fugitlvo una out of sight. Tho man assaulted was Michael AlbZi-wbkl of No. 138 West 108th Strort. He was unconscious for ten tntiritcs. Hall's finger prints show that li has been arrested five times but has

her costumes. The accompanying

CHAMBELRAIN MUbT PAY CLAIM TWICE aid Widower. Told Xow Settle Willi Kccutor of Estate. City Chamberlain riiihp Bciolz- heimcr was to-day directed to pay to Walter G. Herbert of Hackensack, N. $1,628.99, with intetest from July 1912; although the Chamberlain has already paid to Harry B. Montes, Herbert's; hrntliir-ln-lw, n claim for the monjy. The money wa originally deposited with the City Chamberlain in 1912 in settlement for a ronveyance of tea! estate which Harry K. Months owned, and in which his wife, Louise Montes, had dower Interests. After her death, her husband, who tad already claimed his shnre, mada application for an order, which was granted, directing that tho "dower nl ownnco" be paid over to him, Justice Finch granting tho order. Then cntna Hornet t. a brother of Mrs. Montes, us administrator of her estate, and asked that the City Cham bcrlaln bo ordered to pay him, on the ground that his deceased sister's cs- tate, and not her widower, was en titled to the sum in question. The appellate court decided In tha admin- istrator's favor. The Chamberlain lion no fund for this soil of thing nnd Is wondering whether lie or the city will have to pay it. LAMONT ON STAND AT NURSE'S TRIAL Told Friend She Had $58,000 Jewelry in Pawn, Witness Says. The trial of ICIIzabeth Kelly, the nurse accused of t.tealing a $900 ring from the home of David It. Lamont on Dec. 24, 1918, while sho was ins niirs. Ing Mr. lament's thlitoon-ycar-old on. was resumed to-day before Judge Koenlg In tho Court of General Scs. slons. Mr. Lnmont Identified tho ring ns one he purchased at Tiffany's and pre sented to his wife. Mrs. Helen C. Amend testified Miss Kelly showed pawn tickets for jewelry and took her to panwshops where sho had pawned Jewelry of considerable value. Mrs. Amend said Miss Kelly old her sho had $58,000 worth' of Jewelry In pawn hero nnd in Paris. Mrs. Amend advanced $47f to Miss Kellv. taklnc as security a ticket for a diamond ring and a stickpin, sho snld. When Miss Kelly did not ic pay Mrs. Amend redeemed tho ring She took it to Tiffany's tor valuation and tho expert then identified It as the Lamont ring. .Mrs. Amend com municated with Mrs. i.aniont and un old charge of theft against Miss Kelly was revived. AMKIUCA'S I'lTTt'llKSat 15 lll'IX. il-rnm Hi W.tihln.tun I" I About the only plcturefque ruin America has to show to Kuropean

Told Her He Had to Have His

Fling; Now Sued ForDivorce. . Mrs. Lilian M. West to-day applied lo Supremo Court Justice Cropsey In Brooklyn for alimony and counsel fees pending trial of her suit for ab solute divorce ngalnst William E. West, an accountant of No. J 07 Chambers Street, Manhattan. Mrs. West, In her affidavit, says: "Up until a few months ago he was an Ideal husband and we lived happily. On the first of this year, however, he said he was tired of married life and had to have his fling. The shock of his sudden and unexpected neglect nd Infidelity seriously affected my health." Mrs. West alleged that on June 29 last she and her mother, MrsrEUen Scott, together with a private detec tive named William Doutner, went to a house at No. 138 West 81st Street, Manhattan, where the defendent had a furnished room. Mrs. West said she found him living there with another woman. Doutner In an affidavit, ald this was "a dark woman, whereas Mrs. West Is a slight blonde." Doutner kaid that defendant came to tho door In a bathrobe, and that "the woman was not dressed for the street." West, according to Doutner, said to his wife, Well, now that you have got what you wanted, please get out." Doutner said he had investigated the case for several weeks previous, and that West had been living with this same woman under the name of Mt and Mrs. West at No. 230 West 75th Street, Manhattan. Mrs. West says her husband earns J10.000 a year. West filed a stipulation and agree ment to pay his wife $30 weekly ali mony and $200 counsel fees pending trial of tho suit. He also entered a gtneral denial of her charges. E Burglars Roam at Will Over Twelve Floors, Taking S2,500 Loot. Between closing time, Saturday night and opening time tills nuirnlng burglars roamed at will through tho 12 story loft building at Nos. 12 and 14 Kaht 12th Street, which Is sup posedly protected by burglar alarms. There if no watchman. The burglars took away about $2,500 worth of bulky loot. They left no marks Indicating how they ;ot into the building or how tlio got nway with their booty, but Is is isstimed they reached tho roof from another building and used a ropo ladder to lower themselves to win dows which they forced on lowo doors. Om'c inside tlicy unfastened locks of the hatchway cover lcadln to the roof. There they changed their old clothing for new which they had stolen. Throe well worn wults of the only cluo to the thclves. clothes found on tho loof constitute From tho shop of Simon Glnsbnig Sons, clothing manuliictiirers, on tin second floor, they took 100 suiti nf clothes, valued at wholesale at $1,1)0". S. Gjssnian "t Co. on tho ninth 'I lost t0 coals worth $600. ltosonthal & Stark, manufacturers of leat'ioi goods on tlio tenth tloor, lost $500 i $600 worth of alligator skins. Wb. was stolen from other places cnlero cannot bo valued until Inventories .m taken Tills is the third week end invas' in fo this building by burglars sinei April and on each occasion the in vndcra escaped with stuff too hei and bulky to lie carried away op 'on CHARGE DESERTER PASSED BOGUS BILL Soldier From Governor's Island Is Arrested in Hoboken Hotel. ' The clerk at Meyer's Hotel, Ho boken, telephoned to tho pollco to-day that If detectives ould como to the hotel they might catch one of tiie men who has been circulating coun torfclt $20 bills which havo been re ported by scores tecently to tho Fed oral authorities. When tho detectives arrived, a man who had registered Saturday as John Smith of Boston wns pointed out t them by tho clerk, who had ncccptoi! enc of the liuiUlluii billn. Tho ma said his llama wns Manuel I.ybla c Brazil, but In his pockets was fount a Governor's Island ferry puss mnd out to Marcel K. Gullllam and signed by MaJor w n.'McClcary. Major McClcary Identified a photo graph of the prisoner, tho dctertlv reported, ns that of a soldier who d serted from Governor's Island Jun 13. Tho Mnior said that on that d.i Gullllam persuaded him to Indors- n check for $10. It was raised tu S11" and returned by the bank mark'd "do fundi," the Major said.

Cohalan Explains Distinction . Between Transactions in . Cotton and in Stocks.

By a decision of Juatlco Cohalan In ex parte term of tho Supreme Court, Henry M. Peers, cotton broker, who was held In Magistrate's Court to await tho action of the Grand Jury on a charge of grand larceny, has been ordered discharged on the ground that the Police Magistrate erred In holding the petitioner. The arrest was brought about by a. cotton transaction In which $10,000 had been put up by the firm of Oliver & Houghton for the purchase, on mar gin of $10 a bale, of 1,000 bales of cotton. John S. Oliver, of th Oliver concern, was a member of the Ameri can Cotton Exchange while Peers was a member of the New York Cotton Exchange In settling up the accounts between the two concerns demand was made for $10,434.56 representing the orig inal Investment and profit arising from the transaction. The money was not Da Id, the firm was forced Into bankruptcy and the arrest followed. In explaining tho distinction fce- tween brokers In stocks and brokers In cotton, Justice. Cohalan says; "In tho one case the broker buys a cer tain stock for his customer, and the stock theoretically belongs to the cus tomer, subject to the lien of the broker for the advances made by him, Whereas in a future cotton transac tion, aB in the Instant case, the broker, nlthough he may not -have been called upon at tho time to ad vance the balance of the purchase nrice of the cotton, still binds himself to be in a position to take cotton the future." In The money was paid ovor by Oliver & Houghton In January last for May, July and October deliveries. Demand was made to close out tho deal In March and tho arrest of Tccrs oc curred April 6. TAXI DRIVER, DRUNK, GETS THIRTY DAYS In Addition License o Reilly Is Revoked by Magistrate. Found guilty of driving his taxicab while Intoxicated, Francis Belly. twenty-eight years old, of .No. 169 West 102d Street, was sentenced to thirty days in tho Workhouse and had lis license tovoked by Magistrate 'rederlck B. House In Traffic Court to-day. You chauffeuis who get drunk and drive your cars while intoxicated are n mcnaco to society and shouldn't no llowcd to drive," said tho Mngl3-i-atc in Imposing sentence. Theodore Lavalro, thirty-six years old, who lives at tho I'cnn Post Hotel, 31st Street nnd Klghth Avenue, was i . i . . i i arralgncn on a Rimimr i-hhik", ihvuii- od not guilty and wns hold in $600 lill for heating on July 20. POLICEMAN'S COAT FIRE EXTINGUISHER Wrapped It About lilazin Man Who Han Into Station. Samuel Zimmerman, twenty-throe, of No. 173 Clinton Street, was burned ilvnit tho. face, neck and hands when giisoltno which he was pouring Into a tnnk on a motorcycle caught fire to- d:iy In front of a garage at No, 177 Di'lanccy Street. Bushing through llio street with his tint lies Ziiiiinermun ran into the llamlng, Clinton -tiect l'ollco Station. Sergt. Georgo Muter wrapped his uniform coat around Zimmerman h l.iHly. Putrolmnn Fitzgerald throw a p.ul of water on him. Thoir efforts extinguished the (lames. He was at tended by Dr. Wcisbcrg and taken to (loiivernour Hospital, where it is said lie will tecovcr. DELEGATION COMING TO FUND BRITISH DEBT 'A nnotinceinrnt Madr In llouau of Common by I,loil 5corn, LONDON, July 17 (Associated Press). A special British delegation 111 arrive In the United States rarly September In connection with tin: Kotlatlons for funding tho llrltlsh ,u lit to America. This was announced i,j Prime Minister Lloyd George In the House of Commons this afternooh. BROOKLYN MAN, DAZED, FOUND IN ILLINOIS l.irnrl Hrtil Illaaptivarril Ilrre Three. tveeKi akii, Falvatoro Llcarl Jr., who disappeared from his home, No 312 Elmwood Avenue, llrooklyn, haa been located In Streator. Ili according to a telegram received hv tho llrooklyn police to-day. Tlio re port stated that Llcarl was In a dazed , oiidltlon. Salvatorl Llcarl, the young in.ui'. father, who Is a clerk in the I'lfili District Municipal Court, 11 rook Iwi. left during the day to bring him liotllf. jiving hU wife n'J tvo ehdr' L.icarl, three weeks ago said lie was ,-olng to take a rldn on a trolley car. tlo lias not been seen since. MtMAO IN MAMI.A IUS AMUCK, WOUNDS ElfJHT. MANILA, P. J.. July 17. Running amuck a crazed native to-day terrorized tho American residential hotel dlitrlct of' Manila. Arm"! with a bolo knife, he attacked at random, seriously wound ing Hft"h' natives. Some were servant i,i American homes. An Amerlein irm rfni-or finally lassoed the manla' after the latter had ptunged Into Mb uater cf Manila, Uay.

Write a few lines to THE EVENING VORLD The Evenine World Will Pay SI for Each Item Printed.

rhe Evening World Will Pay $2

Some Unusual Scene or Incident With an Accompanying Description. Addriu "Wliit Did Too fttM Editor, Brtolni Wold, P. O. Boi 1, Ct't Hill Statins.

Writ jour own nun and tddrus iiifiiU. Btod mtnjr contribution! ti xx

Ilk. Cluck art unt out wkl7

PRIVATE etMETERYdcross the Bridge for-RECKLESS DRIVERS;

When we came to a sharp turn In tno road while motoring yesterday we saw a sign ahead of us. Wo supposed It to be a modern guide post of some kind, but when wo drew near wo saw what you see in this picture. Leonle llenard, 62E West 185th Street. OVKIIAM.S WITH A CAjffc. I taw walking south at Times Square a man, a woman and a child of por haps four. There, was nothing about the grown-ups tu attract attention lut the child woio overalls nnd a straw hat, exactly llko a man's, and was carrying a cane. Lester Pliedd, No. 113 Fort Greeno riacc, Brooklyn. fcSCAIMS Of A IIASTVHHI.V VII I.AIV AT TO .MS Ilivr.lt. We live In the country, and In tlio top of one of the big walnut trees In our yard two llttlo sparrows wero bravely nghtlng a pigeon hawk which was kill ing "Slid eating young birds In their nest. My brother nred a revolver and Mr. Hawk flew away us fast as ho could go Miss N. 1.. Ueardalec, Toms ltlvcr. N. J. MArtl.MIS ALWAYS 1,1! In 23d Street, between llroadwny nnd fourth Avenue, 1 saw thrro marines chatting together. There was a dollar bill in tho street Just off tlio curbing. Tlio four of u happened to spot It at tho same moment. 1 finished a bad fourth, outsldo tho money. Ob boy1 If tho marines charged on Knlscr Hill llko they did " on that old Lonesome One-Dollar UIU It's no womlur ho cried "Kainerad." Bobert J. Cut ley. No. G9"3 16th Avenue, Drookljn. . WMCtmnAX. aatu a icomnii wriffc (n(o a tmnll rcataurant In 33th Street. There tins plenty o room, even a vacant table or ttco.- Sho walked to the centra table, picked up the menu card, read U, made a tare at It mul walked out. I felt Jiko olfcriny tha proprietor my amclUny salts, llo ,irn overcame. O- I'. P.. Mount Vernon. Tim siinn.i. vnicrc or coi.x i UISNCI2. I was at tho movies. Just ns a sol iller in tho nlcture raised a buglo to Ids llos the siren whistle of a Ore engine out In the street nearby gave three loud hlnsts. They couldn't havo been timed better after six weeks of lchuaraals. It. II., Rye.VJ. Y. OOODIIV, HAT. When a guard on tho Prlshton ties train called through the amplifier to "Look tju. for tho door!" a brlg'.it young passenger poked his head out in. railed. "All right 1" Closing Instantly tlio door caught in unawares and made a double dent In his straw hat. T'v dnor was reopened at mco to release him, but Instead of having learned 1 1 lesson he stuck hla bead out again to talk ancrily to tho guard. This lime when tha door closed it finished the htt completely. Morris Urandstem. No Oil West 121th Street. WUAT AN IDEA! When tho fumlly ut tho next table ,i lestaurant at tho shoro had com pleted their dinner and departed the waiter comphtinc'' that In muklng out their 1)111 ho had completely forgotten m ,i lti and would have to l.iy f. i It out of his own pocket lie as lam lit inir 111 loon Wlicll 6l'i Of 1,1a iln I 1 turned, sought him out and unki ! t a mistake had not been made In lli.-li fn vor. The matter wuh adjunti d, the dc fletencv made Up ami tlm caller l.'ft "l'hev must bo from out of town," sil the waiter. Hutii Ilrandsleln, 001 Wen i:tth Street. COMK AOAIV SOMi: TIM3. I saw a green parrot In a cage on an adjacent tiro escape. On a window sill nearby a poodlo dos nil dressed up n-l nt, place to go. Tho dog pressed 111 nose ngnlnsl Ihe pariot's cage nnd erowled, an uuly growl If ou have no objection to the phrato, a dirty, ugly

for Each Snapshot Printed of

Oj in' m - :z

crow I, Polly promptly pecked him on the nose and tho dog disappeared from view shrieking "Kl. yl, kl. yll" Tolly swung happily buck and forth on the cage a few times. All I heard her say was, "Oeodby, gootlby, GOODBY. J A. Healy, No. CG West 100th Street. POLICY. I saw the woman across the uay cominy homo Irom a walk vUh her Airedale. Ilefore entering the house she tetped hla feet with a piece of cloth, in order that he might not leava marks on the hall floor. Hh tJ thoughtful of the Janitor. A. It. K., East 8!d Street. cat in riiiiitnii. Something llko a passing shadow caused mo to lift my eyes from the prayer book at tlio most solemn moment of tli scrvlco nnd 1 saw a most forlorn looking cat walking across tho nltur. It headed for tlio rstry and did not return. l'lunces, west lUGth Street. WATItll YOU It HTKP, 1 saw a man gut an awful bump on tho knee. Ho was wnlklng along the narrow sidewalk In h'xehango Place, near Ilrond Street. On the other side of tho ancient cow-path a Jaunty young (Continued on Hlevcnth Page.)

Lifebuoy is a blessing iS, ft to housekeepers and II every woman who M works with her hands. i I It keeps the hands in per- 1 I feet condition. I It prevents "dry" hands. 1 Its pure palm and cocoa- It nut oils soothe and soften. VI A soap you will love to use. H LIFEBUOW HEALTH $OM f Wako up your akin! r

Heenstein to Be Tried Before O'Malley Evidence lo Go to Banton.

Commissioner of Accounts David Hlrshflcld announced without com ment to-day that since he began an Investigation two weeks ago of the Collections Bureau of the Department of rubllc Markets the receipts f"om that source have doubled. The In vestigation thtu far has resulted In charges against one collector of mis appropriation of funds and against another of Insubordination and neg lect of duty. The man accused of misappropria tion Is Joseph J. Helfensteln of No. 237S Hughes Street. Brooklyn, col lector at Oansevoort Market. His salary Is $2,160 a year. This man," said Mr Hlrshfleld. 'admitted to me that he has been holding out about $15 a day by fall ing to gle receipts to farmers and hucksters for tho fees they pay for ne space tney occupy These tees :an?e from a quarter to x couple of dollars. Helfensteln will be called for trljl by Commissioner O'Malley o-morrow and the evidence in tha case will be sent to tho District At torney." Thomas F. Duncan, a substitute collector In Wallabout Market, la ac cused of .Insubordination and neglect. Ho will bo tried by Commissioner D'Malloy to-morrow. Mr. Hlrshfleld Is continuing the Investigation. ', . I.AI1V I l.i; OF IMII A TO lit XT IN " ALASKA. Lady Vie. the wife of Sir David UU.: the lending merchant of Simla, Indta.;; nnd her nthlctlc nineteen-year-old laughter Gladys wo.re passengers on th Vtrlallc, which arrived to-day. Sh U . . ... r, - I , . - en route to iiruisn ioiunioia arm Alaska for caribou nnd moose hunting nnd salmon fishing. Lady Ulc, who'ls famed all over the world as a huntress, said h caught about every sort of nh except the big northwest country salmon and has shot about every kind of game except caribou and moose. LUC! STRIKE Cigarette It's toasted. Thls one extra process gives a raro and delightful quality impossible to duplicate. ( Guaranteed by


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-08-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294117/1922081601/0410.xml ===

SENATE VOTES FREE TARIFF ZONE SYSTEM To-Nlghl's Weather FAIR. To-Morrow'a Weather FAIR) COOLER. WALL STREET WALL STREET! fmL. w I Ek TON IV .'Jlil I "Circulation Books Open to All" "Circulation Books Open to All." VOL. LXIH. NO. 22,128-JDAILX Cupjrlsht (Vrw ork World) bj Vttn rciljllslilnc Lninpanj, 1032. NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1922. i:nlrrrtl it ml i ,i Mutfrr IW Office, Nrw tnrlc, N. V. PRICE THREE CENTS

WOMEN IN PANIG TRYJO LEAP FRiPOWS IK BLAZING LEXINGTON AVE, SUBWAY CAR

Cool-Headed Fireman Saves Many From Injury as Train Rushes to Spring Street Station . Passengers Nearly Tear Down Turnstiles in Wild Scramble to Escape Tratlic Tied Up" 30 Minutes. With memories of remit subway cnia-iiophes vivid In tliclr nilmlM, hundreds of passengers wore thrown Into n panic at S.'JO o'clock this morn ing when tliu rear car of a ten-car southbound local train In the Lexlng ton enue subway burst Into flames bciwien lilerckor anil Spring Streets. Sulnv ij hail'lc 111 tho downtown sec tion wna demoralized lor half an hour. Jlnnj of tlio women In the rear car wcie prevented from Jumping: from the speeding train as the comet-llkc tall of flame that followed the car was In crc.if.ed by tho speed. Fliuman Willlaiu I'. Hog-in of Tnfuk No. 5, a passenger In the third car from tho rear, hearing the shouts of tho passengers and smelling tho smoke, fought his way thiough tho nwarmlng passengers ami reached tho rear car in tlmo to prevent sevcial women trom leaping through winnows. Ono man wrenched n firo ex tinguisher lrotn tho car wall and was about to play it on tho burning insula tion in tho rear vesUbule, when Ho gan, fearing a repetition of tho recent flro at Blst Street in which hundreds were overcome by poisonous tunics, knoikcd tho apparatus from tliu man's hand. With several cooler heads among tho men passengers Ilogan atood guard over tho open windows ns tho train, at top speed, streaked for the Spring Street station. In tho mean timu tho panic had spread to tho forward cars and by tho time tho train reached Spring Street men and women wero lighting each other to gain'tho doors. Edward Roth, motonnan of the burning train, blew tho distress sig nals as the train entered tha Spring Stiect station and tho train guards, acting under orders of Julius Stein, tho conductor, tried In vain to prevail upon the panic-stricken passengers to leave in an ordeily manner. Disre garding the orders of the guards and Fireman Ilogan, tho passengers almost toio down tho exit gales and many vaulted over tho turnstiles in their mail rush toward tho exit stairs. In the mean timo word was carried to Unit. Hugh JIallegan of Knglne Company No. 20, closo by tho Hpnng Stunt station, who, with his men, re sponded to tho ahum. They wero un able to light their way down tho steps against the stream of passengers lushing against thorn and by tho timo tln v reached tho car the blazo had made gieat headway. They weio forced to wait until tho power had been tinned off of tho third rail beforo they turned sticumri of water upon the binning car. It was this shutting down ot the power that tied up down town subway trutllc until neaily 3 o'clock. It was necessary for tho firemen to tear away n portion of tho icnr of tin' tium beforo they could icnch the binning Insulation tvhlrli had caused most of tho stifling smoke. Many of the women und glils who had been on the train fainted and wero given flist aid. , Scores wero so unnerved that they could not proceed to their places of business and returned to their homes on surface cars and In taxis. The cause of tho blaze has not been determined, but the tlromon bellcvo ntln i- a crossed connection In the rear oi car or defcotlvo insulation ct 1 1 ( ! tho blaze. , Ax in- aa cuuld bo learned by the pome, no one was seriously Injured, but many wero jostled and bruised In thrir rush for safety. tiii: would Tit.wni. iicrtn.u". Arced ' " '" (World) Dulldlng. l.j M PiH n" N. V City. Telephone Bo.umin 4onn. l'ih. u room for bairar and parcel open Jjy and night. Monty ordtri and travtllera' checki for aide. Advt.

Will Not Await Outcome' of Railroad Conference to Be Held Here. WASHINGTON, Aug. 10 (Asso ciated Press). President Harding In u message to-moijrow to Congress will present to the Federal legislators and to the country the position of the Government with respect to tho exist ing Industrial troubles, partlculaily the railroad strike. Arrangements for the President's .ippearance at a Joint sessoln of the Senate anil House wero completed at a conference to-day at tho White Uouso ttotwocn vthe Kxecutlvo and Senator I.odgo of Massachusetts, Ite publlcan leader. Hellef had been cxpicssed In some riuaiters prior to tho conferenco that the President might delay presenta tion ot his message until after it had been determined whether tho media tion efforts of tho Train Service Hiotherhood chiefs In to-morrow's conferenco with a committee of rail ioad executives in New Yoik would ho successful or result In failure, but Senator Lodgo said ho found tho President fully decided to go before Congress at the curliest posslblo mo ment After conferring with Senator Lodge the President Immediately started jue- pn ration of his message which his ad visers expect to be a comprehensive statement of tho strlko situation, of tho efforts of the Government toward settlement and finally of tho Govern ment's policy henceforward. Meanwhile, tho railroad union lead ers In Washington continued In ses sion, preparing for the conferenco in New York. The union heads after a two-hour conference udjournnd and prepared to leave for New York at 3 o'clock this afternoon. x Warren S. Stono, Chairman of tho meeting, sam mat. no, us coin ui engi neers, and tho beads of the brother hood group of train service men not now on strike, including tho switch men, Uremen, conductors and train men, would be tho only ones to meet the committee of rial I road executives, but that he desired the heads of the (Continued tn Second Pago.)- jOHN JACOB ASTOR, FIVE YEARS OLD, IS GIVEN $2,080,028 I lis Father, Visconnl, Gels Court Order I fere. Supiemo Court Justice O'Malley to-day apporved the payment of $2, OSo.ol'S, in securities, to Visconnl Waldrof Astor ns guardian lor John Jacob Astor, his flvo-year-old son. That amount is tho Infant's one eighth shaio of a trust establishment by his grandfather, Lord Aslor, on Mav 24, I'Jlfi, with the Fanners' Loan & Tiusl Company. The oilglnal fund was npprolx- mately J :3,000,nno put or this, pay ment was made to Mrs. John Jacol Astor, daughter-in-law of the maker of tho trust, an amount stipulated in a prenuptlal agierment. if the i mainedr, one-hall was set aside for tho benefit of the older John Jaeol Astor, Lord Astor's son, and one-half in amounts of one-eigth euch for the benefit of Vibcuunt Astor's four children. The order sets foith that the infant is live-years-old, and has necr been in the United States, lie is a Miitish suhpert, his father, "Viscount Waldoi I Aetor being a membor of tho House ot Lords,

E Commissioner Is First Wit ness at Grand Jury Inquiry in Brooklyn. SI LBN T ON TESTIMONY. City Oflicial in Jury Room Only Few Minutes, Then Hastens Away. The Kings County Grand Jury to day began what Is expected to he n sweoping Investigation Into tho con duct of tho Market Department by calling ns Its first witnesses Com missioner of Markets Kdwurd J. O'Malley and Deputy Commissioner Aloyslus Malloy, both of whom i fused to sign waivers of Immunity or to discuss what had taken place In the Jury room. Questioning of the-Pommtssiouer and his deputy did not consume more than six minutes. Tho Jury then ceased work for tho day. It will meet again to-morrow morning. District Attorney John IZ. Huston, in charge of the investigation, ro fused to discuss what had taken place In the Grand Jury room. When told Mr. O'MaJley and Mr. Mal!o had declined, In tho presence of news paper men, to sign waivers of im munity, he said: "It has always been tho policy of this otllee to lefuse to let persons who might bo Involved to testify without llrst requiring them to execute a waiver of Immunity. So far ns I can lecnll, this Is the llrst tlmo in my experienco in this ollleo that n public olliclal has lefused to sign such a waiver. It is more than probable that I will examine these two men, any way, but not If such examination will glvo them Immunity. Wo will give Immunity to no person." Tho District Attorney's ollleo would make no further co'iunent, but it Is understood that a way may bo found by which 'Mr. O'.Malloy ami Mr. Mal loy can bo forced to testify and not tic able to claim immunity. It was reported that Dr. Samuel Buchler, Mr. O'Malley's predecessor in office, and Mrs. Wclzmucller, now a deputy commissioner under Mr. O'Malley, wero to havo been sum moned aa witnesses to-day, but scr vlco of subpoenas could not ba ob tained. "I will not waive my constitutional rights," Mr. O'Malley said In refusing to sign a waiver of immunity. Appearance of tho Commissioner ns the llrst witness was a surprise almost as great as the news that a Grand Jury Investigation was undor way. For two months Mr. Huston and his assistants, Ralph Hemslrcot and Kd ward O'Neill, havo been inquiring into tho operations of the market de partment, partlculaily the collection (Continued on Seenteeuth Page ) OSER GOES TO BASLE FOR WEDDING PAPERS Must Tribe rirt l.ruitl "-trM In III lltlte Tiiitii. LrCT.ltNI', Switzerland. Auk. Hi. Max Oer Is repurted to havo gono to Hash), his native town, whero he must tako tho llrst legal steps In obtaining tho necessary papers for his marriage to Miss Mathlldn MrCorinlek. The engiiR' I louple dining their brief sojourn here have he. u most successful In leinalnlng Incognito. Kcports perslft that Mr. mid Mrs. Hnrold K. McCormtek Intend to leelde 111 the lleitensteln 'astli, but tho owner of the estate rtfun a to cniidnn or deny these reports &cnl (Estate I OU THE Sunday World MUST be in The World Office FRIDAY Before 6 P. M. To Insure Propfir Clarification

N MARKET PR OB

Monkey Has Entire Neighborhood In Chelsea Terrorized by Wild Antics lor Twenly-Four Hours

Hotel in Uproar After His Raids on Rooms of Guests. FNTERTAINS A CROWD. But All iill'orts to Capture Escaped Simian Come to Naught. Awild South American monkey that stands two feet six Inches In his stock Ingless .feet Is nt present terrorizing the residents of tliu block bounded by Seventh and Eighth Avenues and 2 2d and 2:id Streets. Slnco 10 o'clock yesterday morning ho lias been rac ing over the roofs In tho block, swing ing Into open windows. Jumping from roofs to trees, perching himself on tho roof of tho Presbyterian Church at Eighth Avenue and causing a pan icky feeling among the guests or the Chelsea Hotel. Soveral times be has entered the ho. tel. Once to choke a couplo ot song birds to death In tho loom of thr manager, Arthur Wolto, whero he threw about tho ,cages and stiewed clothes about tho room. Ills anllcs In other rooms caused the guests to sleep with an ryo open all night and hope that tho fly screens might prove a barirer that would proerit au in trusion. Ho is still enjoying tho freedom of tho city without going through tho formality of having a golden Key presented to him by Mayor Hylan on tho City Hall steps, along Willi leso lutlons passed by the Hoard of Alder men. Not having these credentials, he hasfconflned himself to tho block. In tho tlmo ho has ucen at liberty ho has furnished damage suits suffi cient to keep tho City Court busy for a week and annoy his owner. .). W Simmons & Co., owners of a bird and animal storo at No. USB West L'3d Street. The only asset which Mr. Simmons may bo ablo to inlerilise Is the amusement and excitement the monk has furnished. It was somo tlmo after 10 . M yesterday that Mr. Simmons discov ered the cago of tho monkey was broken and he was gone, lie Is. ac cording to his owner, a Kapi-iaii monkey that comes from the west const of South America. Alter a search about tho place which contin ued for three hours Simmons saw a crowd In tho street and joined it. The monk was scaling tho Chelsea Hotel. Ho disdained the lire escapes and was going up a drain pipe. Persons went to the roof to head him off and he disappeared Into one of tho upon m dows of the hotel. With the knowledge that thero was u surprise awaiting somo guest, tho crowd lingered. The monk came out, mudo tho roof and went over lo tho roof of tho Presbyterian Church near the corner ot Seventh Avenue. Dark ness settled, with him silling on the rldgo polo of tho church. All he needed apparently was a ukelclc to mako him happy. Guests with windows open hud a Jumpy feeling all night In tho hotel, and thlH morning rujiorts anived of what liiul occurred. A middle-aged woman guest rone from the bathroom this inuimng (Continued on Seventeenth Pan' I The World's Real Estate Ads. WorkWhileYouPlay Before I'aving town tn h: : ' ' ' week-end order )our "Ur,il I or "Apartment lo Let" aJ... 11 pi ' in The Sunday World. o -.. i ! may hr. reading it while' you ic at play. The readers are bcattrrrj o t a vast triritory. AUertii,ifnt. I r The Sunday WotlJ Real l'.ite Mo tion may be ordered early in ' f 5QA.A. World "Ki'iil IMatc " and ,000 "To Let" Ails. Last Week 1 7C More Than Cnrrespund , 1 D Inii Week l.nst Vim; The Sumluy World Real Kstate Section Is Kwul In Over 600,000 Homes

Two Masked Thugs Accost Her and One Flourishes a Revolver. Two masked robbers, one of w hnin was armed, held up Mrs. Harney P. liergeji In the garage of her home at No. 1712 Stlllwell Avenue, Henson hiirst, last night, taking her diamonds and Jewelry valued at $3,600. Mrs llergen to-day said: "I had icliirtied in my car from dinner at the home of friends and had put my car In the garage and was Just lock ing the side door of tho car when two men stopped In (he'garago door and closed It behind them One was tall and slender: tho other was not so tall but wns slocklor. Uoth woro dark clothes and soft hats "The stocky man held a gun. which 1m pointed at mo with tho command, 'Hands up'' The tailor of the two then walked past blm lo me and started to tear tho diamond enrrings from my ears. I drew back and said to him that If ho would let mo tako my hands down I would glvo him tho eurrlngs. I didn't want my ears torn. "I gave him the earrings and no giasped mo by the hand and started to take other jewelij. I still have a mail; on my left hand wheru ho giabbed mo. "They took from mo everything In tho Jewelry lino that looked valuable, Including a platinum wilst watch, a diamond and platinum wedding ring, my engagi .lent ring with a iwo and one-half carat centre stone and six side stones, a diamond cluster with sixteen stones, and a diamond dinner ring. "After that they stepped out of tho garage through a side dooA and disap peared." Mr. Hergen, Mrs. Hergcn explained, was absent from tho cily. Ho Is Vlco President of tho I.ibeity Match Com pany, Kresb Pond Uoad and 1)111 Place, Queens. There wero no sorvauts In tho bouse at tho timo. Mrs. Hergen had been dining with Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Tewell. No. 281 Eastern Parkway, Hrouklyn. Shu leached tho garago behind hei homo about 10. lu o'clock, Mm said. -Monday night was I ho onlv night slnco Mr. Bergen's ahseiiie that her sister-in-law. Miss Hergen, has not stayed with her, she said. Miss Her gen on Monday night was unable tn come out to the Stillwc.ll Avenue house The. pollco aro Inclined to believe that tho lobburs wne not only fa miliar with tho neigbboi hooil bin with Mrs. Ileigen's movements Mrs. Hergen said she was un.ible to Identify tho lubbers or cen lo see them distinctly, as there wa.- no ar tificial light in the g.nage After the lohhcm I, 1 1 Mi- Hi i gnu enteieil lier home- and 110'ilnd the police. The loss, Mie siid. lo-duy, was paitlally cow-red by ill' ui ance canaiTbarge line toledo-new york I'ioncpi- Tow I It tp Tn-I.)av Willi (Jriiin Cfii'tfo. m Tho canal bargo stenmer West chester, towing two b.nges with u total cargo of -IfJ.OOO biishf U or grain, arrived at Gowanus Terminal, Hiook- lyn, early to-day, pioneer In a tum uli tho way by water service trom Toledo to New York. The Westchestor left Toledo .Inly 27, crossing Itfiko Erie to Huffalo, tbenco by Niagara Itivcr nnl New York State, llargo CuimI tn the Hudson, thunco to Now York Tho Hteatnern IlonHselaur and Put nam, towing barges with mi ml I i r car goes, nro now on tlio wjy hem by tlm same loutn. Thri llnnsselnei is du I 'udaj and tho Putnam nevi ioi k The .New orl and n' l.ilBK i 'oi poiation eouteinplul' s tin istab lislonent of u irulur ilei m-i vico ItUNCtn Toledo utul New Yoik.

VOTED BY SENATE Permits Conversion of Crude Imports for F.xport With out Duties. OIL IMPORTS SOUGI Oklahoma Senator Would Protect Independent Producers. WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.- ln e zones at American Ports wherein crude Imported materials might be conveited for export without pay ment of tariff duties would bo pro vided for In an amendment to the tariff bill appioved to-da- by the S'enato without a roll call. Tut Iff duties on crudo petroleum mid fuel oil were advocated by Senator llaneld, Itepirbllcan. Oklahoma, as the only means ol protecting the in dependent oil producers of the UnlK-d States against what he described as a monopoly by tho Standard, IJ. J,. Do. heny and Iloyal Dutch Wheel Oil Companies. Threo other changes lu tho bill weir mado In rapid succession, Senator Kellogg, Republican, Mlnne.sotn, final ly winning his light to place on the Ireo list logs of llr, spruce, cedar or Wesloru hemlock, paving posts, rail road ties and telephone, telegraph, tiolloy and electric light poles and hubs for wheels, heading blocks and I ho hko. HUTCHISoTTl UP ON GENE SARAZEN IN FIRST EIGHTEEN Results of Other Kurlv Hounds for "I'm" CJolf ' Title. OAKMONT COUNTHY Ol.Vll. PITTSHUItOH, Aug. lrt (Axsoclntcd Press). Tho struggle between (lene Sarazen and .lock Hutchison to-day. tho fourth round of the National pro fessional golf tournament, attracted supreme Inleiesl, and the Ihlrty-slx-holo matches of the six less famous survivors wero left lo tho attention of minor galleries. Tho icsulta at tho end of nine holes follow: Hutchison 2 up on Sarazon I'leucli 1 up on I.oeiflcr. Crillkshnnk and Itowe weje ew n Kerrigan 1 up on fioldi-u The results at tho end of eighteen holes wero: Hutchison, 1 up on Samzcn I'leucli, D up on I,oefflei. (iohlon, 2 up on Kerrigan Crillkshnnk, 4 up on Howe. PRESIDENT PARDONS SON ON MOTHER'S PLEA MCAVICNWOItTH. K in . Aug !. Kfforl.s- of Mrs. Maicaret Anderson, slxty-tbreo, who Havelled afoot last January from Sioux Falls, H. D , to Washington, I). ('., to ask President Haidlng tn pardon her son, vvoir to wn rded when her son, Joseph Ander son, nineteen, left tho Federal ponl tentlary hern yesterday, puiUoned by tho President. Anderson was serving a two-year sentence, which began Oct. t, ll!l Mrs. Anderson had searched moro than two yours for her son, trudging across country and vMtlng practically every penitential y In tho 1. nlted States. In Januaiy of 1921 sho found her son serving a sentnnce nt the dis ciplinary bariacks nt Fort Leaven worth for desertion and fraudulent eulisimeiit. FIVE SUfPS WITH COAL FROM ENGLAND ARE HERE Flvo csscls, ladiii with British mined coal, rcurhrd port to-day with 30,000 tons consigned to milroads and public Utilities of New U.ik I'lty This wns raid to bo tlm largest tonnage- received at this port in a single dav slnco Importation w. rrorted to as a initio strike rmergi nrv Snw-inl hundred thousand tons an lion on thr high sr i. i n i ate lu t larlii I 'OHM poitx, d. I. i- ltd Tn- da , 'hit sailed fn in piits III Wales and South rJugUnd.

IID DEGREE GRILLING OF ACCUSED WIFE IN N, J. ' MURDER BRINGS PROTEST :

SLAIN TAXI BARON AND WIFE ACCUSED OF JERSEY MURDER PLANE HOPS OFF FLIGHT TO BRAZIL Noisy Farewell as it Leaves Hudson River Stop at Kockawayt. Tho flying bont Sampaln Correln, on tho llrst leg of Its 8,500 mil.) (light to Hrazll, arrived nt tho naval station hero at '.lu o'clock this afternoon. Tlio ship cumo directly from tho S'lth Street landing In tho Hudson River. when It began ills olllrial flight under tho auspices of The Now York World. With hundiids of persons along tho ahoro cheering find with steam ships ami other rivor craft blowing n shrill fur wril. tlm Sampalo Currela took tlm air at siileen mlnuteH past 1 thin nflrrnoon In th North lllver at tho foot of West id Strcut on the first leg of its S.nno-tnllfi (light to Ilrn7.il. ,ccnnipanyui tlm giant seajjlsno woro two smalh i crnft of tho Arto- marine Alrwa, which rodo with hr lo tho Itockuwiy Naval Air Station, uhcro a stop was nuiln for gas. That is, tho olllcinl announcement was made that the big piano would atop oft ift Uockaway for gas and hop tilt (Continued on Seventeenth Page ) Aiibiinoliili 'li'iirui a pli-iraim tilth Ami rluU'd TuurN i : nt. N- ml suIjumy utartili, tf:. AutuiauUig Clul u( Auicll:a, .N.V. AJit.

Mrs. Harold A. Ga Nun of the Bronx Turns Over Letters by the Accused Woman, Hound in Husband's Pocket1: "I Told Everything," He Says to Mrs. Giberson in Cell Was Once Probationary Policeman Here.

(Special from a saff Correspondent of The Evening World.) TOM'S HIVKH, N. J.. Aug. The administration of a form of third degreo upon Mrs. Ivy Giberson, lic ensed of tho murder of her husband, William, by County Prosecutor Jayne, assisted by Harold R. ' Oa Nun, ths Nolv York building construction su perintendent of the Ilronx, whoe let ters to Mrs. Giberson, found In her possession, led to his detention ns u , material witness, aroused tho protest of tho nccused woman's counsel, for mer Judge W. II. Jeffrey, to-dajrt Tho third degreo episode occurred In tho county jail at 2.20 o'clock thla morning. At that hour Prosecutor Jayne with Ga Nun, two State troopers and a de tective appeared at tho Jail. Jayno said ho wanted to bco Mrs. Giberson. Utider-Hlicriff Hrown went to her colt and awakened her. Sho dressed and sat on hor cot, composedly, and waltod for tho visitors. "What do you want?" she asked us tho men appeared at the door of bar cell. "I don't want anything from you," replied the Prosecutor. Thcro wus sllenco for a few mo ments. Then Ga Nun said: "Mrs. Giberson, I've told Mr. Parker everything, and ho thought j on ought to know." "Very well, Mr. Ga Nun." roplled the woman. "Hut you don't know anything; therefore, anything you havo said Is of no concern to me." Tho prosecutor and his party left. lindor-Sherlff Hrown said that Mrs. GlUuson was sound asleep aguln In half an hour. The "Parkor" referred to by Ga Nun Is County Dotectlvo Parker of Uiir llngton County who worked on the Ilriinen minder mystory and finally ai rested Mrs. nrtinen on tho chargu of Instigating tho inurdor of her hus band, a well known circus proprietor. Parker has been called Into tho Gib erson case by Prosecutor Jayno. Ga Nun was asked to-day by an Renlng World reporter if ho realized the Import of his statement to Mrs. Giberson that ho had "told Mr. Par ki r evervtldng." "Say," replied Ga Nun, "you can't tell mo anvthlng about things of this kind I used to bo a Now York cop. I worked nt Headquarters under an Inspector, who Is now retired, for p0 days In 101 1." The iccords at Pollco Headquurtcrs do not substantiate Ga Nun. They show that ho wns taken Into tha de partment as a probationary odlcer on May 3, 1917. Ho was dropped from tho rolls on Nov. 11, 1917. ThU was at the end of his probationary period. Probationary policemen who havo not proved satisfactory are automatically droppeil at tho end of their six months' service and no cause Is re corded In the files of the department. A rumor that an odor of chloroform was distinguishable In the Giberson homo when railroad men, attracted by Mis filberson's screams, entered and found her husband's body aro&e, doubtless, from the fact that twn bot tles tilled with chloroform were found lu a medicine closet In the bathroom and an empty bottle labeled "chloro- fonn" was found In a closet. The de tectives say they have found nobody who admits smelling chloroform in tin house at any tlmo after the mutdor w i- i -i overed. v. . nding to Prosecutor Jayne, let-hi-, iiom Ua Nun to Mrs. Glberiton, found with letters trom other porsois in her tscritolra. aro supplemented with a number of letters In similar


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-09-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294117/1922091601/1033.xml ===

To.Nlght's Weather CLEAR AND COOLER.

VOL. LIH. NO. 22,155

Minister and Unidentified Woman Found Slain on

FOUND SLAIN IN ORCHARD; LOVE LETTERS NEAR BODIES

s- tThe Rev. Edward VV. Hall, Rector of St. John the Evangelist, New Bruns wick, arid Married Woman Shot Through Head. Notes in Feminine Hand Cal- 1 J r I ! tin r;.iu i icu nun, i rue rnesi auu Asked "Was Pan Relig ious" Hall Last Seen Thursday. (Special to The Evening Worlfl.) NEW BRUNSWICK. Sept. 16. The Rev. Edward W. Hall, rector of the Church of St. John the Evange list, of New'BrunswIck, and a young woman ns yet unidentified were found jdead, side by side, to-day, each shot i ine iiieaa ana mm? unaer a tree a tonciy spot on mo i-iumps farm, ,a the weste'rh 'outskirts of New Brunswjck. There were three bullet wounds In the young woman's, head: one under the right eye, another in tho right temple and tho third over tho right car. The minister had died of a single bullet wound on tho right sldo his forehad. Tne raco or tno woman was covered with a shawl and the minis ter's hat covered his face. It was evident from tho condition of the bodies, tho blood that had drained from the wounds and the flies that bodies had lain where they were round for about thjrty-stx hours. . It is known that the minister left his home and' his wife Thursday ivenlng and had not returned. In tho narrow space which sep- rated the two bodies, less than a foot, "were a number of visiting cards, the minister's automobile registration sard !and a number of letters. Two of them were In a woman's handwriting, In pencil, and had been folded, evidently for Insertion In an envelope. One of these read: "Please don't laugh at this. I . know I'm a crazy cat, b"ut I can't ; be different. Charlotte talks, then Dan asks questions, then ho an- noys, so how can I write?" There was no address, no signature lo this. Another letter In the same hand ran: "You are a 'true priest. Tou see in mo merely your physteal Inspiration. You, tho priest. Was Pan religious? God meant His people to' enjoy all things deeply." This missive, too, was neither ad- HIEOObU lllfl 111,111 1 IU ,.u, Enrds scattered about were those of air. Hall. I The two bodies were found by SMlchael Schneider and Pearl Bahmer, children out In seaich of .mushrooms (Continued on Second Pago.) Information That Homeseekers Mav mead With Interest Each Sunday THE WORLDT through Its lleul 'listate and Apart ments to Let advertisements, pre sents Its readers with the latest and best Information of all (he worth-while housing propositions In New Vork and elsewhere. The ads. are carefully . and systemati cally assembled for quick and ready reference. 'Many desirable eifers In to-morrow's SUNDAY WOULD 25,599 World Real EtUte and To Let Adi. Lut Month 5,135 More thin corresponding month lut rear. THE SUNDAY WORLD REAL ESTATE SECTION IS READ IN OVER 600,000 HqMES

" Circulation Pooka Openy

- Copyright (Nw York World) bf Treu rnblblnt Company, 10K.

TO VETO THE BONUS President Is Declared at White House to Have Reached Decision. WASHINGTON, Sept. 16. Presl. dent Harding was declared ( at the White House to-day to "havo made up his mind" with respect to the Soldier Bonus Bill, on which Con gresslonal action was completed yesterday. The conference report was accepted In the Senato by a vote of 36 to "7. In this caso numbers had no ( Big. nlflcapco, but thero was a fraction In excess of the two-thirds required for action despite a veto. Twelve Republicans and flvo Dem ocrats voted against tho conference report. During; discussion which preceded tho final voto on acid-test poll of tho Senato was taken. It was compared from every possible angle by op ponents of tho bonus on both Bides. It demonstrated conclusively that thero are moro than sufficient votes to Bustaln a veto., It )vas estimated that possibly thirty-eight Senators might oppose overriding the President, which is five moro than enough for tho purposo. At tho samo time, word was passed around the Senate Chamber that Pres ldent Harding positively would refuse to approve the bill. This Information was given without any qualification, It also was declared, that tho Presi dent would act without delay and that his veto message would be strong and smashing. SINGLES TITLE IN STRAIGHT SETS Miss Wills and Miss Hooker Score Victory in Girls' Doubles Final. PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 18. The girls' national lawn tennis doubles y tie was won to-day by Miss Helen Wills of San Francisco and Miss Helen Hooker of New York, who defeated Miss L. Goodman and Miss Betsy Hllleary, both of Philadelphia, 60, 62. Miss Willis won the girls' sin gles tltjo yesterday. In the final for the Middle States singles for women, Mrs. Molla BJur stedt Mnllory of New York 'defeated Mrs. Marlon Zindcrstcln Jessup of Wilmington, Del., 61, 61. Mrs. Jessup was able to break through the steady game of the national cham pion to win only tho fifth (game of tho llrst and sixth gamo of tho second set. In the final of tho Mlddlo States doubles, Mrs. Mallory and Miss Edith Slgourney, Boston, defeated Mlsa Molla Thayer, Philadelphia, and Mrs Jessup, 6 3, 8 10, 7 5. GERMANY'S FLOATING DEBT INCREASES 10,313,000,000 MAItKS BERLIN. Sept. 16. Germany's float lng debt Increased during the first ten days of September by 10,345,000,000 manes to Mi.we.ooo.QOO marks.

toAll." NEW HARDING TO CALL L SESSION AFTER ELECTIONS Congress to Be Asked Nov. 15 to Establish Merchant Marine. Tp INSIST ON SUBSlbY. Postponed Because of Strikes and. Issue of Liquor Sale on V. S. Ships. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON. Sept. 16 -(Copy right). A special session of Congress fortho middle of November, just af ter the elections. Is likely to bo called by President Harding. Tho President wants ship, subsidy legislation passed by tho House at least before tho regular appropria tion bills of the December session. Tho two weeks immediately aftor thq November elections and before the regular session gins would enable the House to dispose of the merchant murine measure by means of a special rule. This would give tho Senato some thing to work on immediately In De cember. Ordinarily tho Senate marks time during tho first few weeks of December, waiting for tho House to originate und pans appropriation bills. Mr. warning gave notice some time ago In a letter to Chairman Campbell of tho House Rules Committee that if tho ship subsidy bill wasn't passed be fore Congress adjourned, a special ses sion would be called. The Prer'ient recently wrote to House leaders that ho would not press the matter at this sc'sslon as the strike situation at that time threatened to complicate . the whole legislative programme. His consent to postponement did not mean abandonment of merchant marine leg islation. On tho contrary, it was deemed better strategy to wait until after election. Tho Injection of the Prohibition Issue hud much to do with tho de cision to postpono ship subsidy legls latlqn until after the elections. While the Administration foresoes no diffi culty in solving tha matter of liquor sales on foreign and American ships touching the shores of tho United States, It was conceded that debate on tho subject before election might add unnecessary Issues to tho Congres sional campaign. The Administration has no fixed policy about the sale of liquor on American ships. Tho law In the case Is considered ambiguous, but the eco nomics of the situation are clear to prohibit .liquor sales means an advan tage to the passenger ships of foreign flags. If Congress adds an amount In sub sidy to compensate American owners for their loss, tho Administration has no objection to making the ships dry. And If Congress passes a law without taking Into account losses to Amer ican ships, then the question of ar ranging by treaty that foreign ships shall not carry liquor to and from American shores will arise. It Is doubtful whether foreign countries will agree. Perhaps the whole mat ter will be left In abeyance, the status quo being maintained until treaty ar tangements can be made placing for eign ships on the same basis as Amer ican vessels. Mr. Harding Is so anxious to get (Continued on Second Pagj.) MIDNIGHT LINE OF ST. LOUIS FANS FOR YANKS' GAME World's Series Enthusiasm Marks Opening of Con test. With Browns. ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 16. At a late hour last night fans began gath ering In front of the Browns' ball park here, awaiting the opening of the ga.tes this afternoon to ad mlt them to the first of a three-game series with the New York Yankees. At 11.80 last night many fans were sitting on boxes In front of the grandstand entrance.

YORK, SATURDAY, ONE KILLED, 5 HURT AS AUTO CRASHES E iviurns aierrr Loses Lire in 1 1 ni , t r , . stantly and Rest of Party Badly Injured. TURNED OVER TWICE, Accident at .Amity Street and Parsons Avenue, Near Flushing, L. I. Morris Stern of No. 700 Riverside Drive was Instantly killed and five men riding with him In a large auto mobile were so seriously Injured that somo of them may die as a result of tneir car crasning Head on into a smaller one at Amity Street and Par sons Avenue, Flushing, shortly after noon to-day. The party was on" Its way to the Bellclalr Golf Club In Flushing. After tho crash the larger c rolled completely. overwIce, pinning Its occupants undor it and strewing them all over Parsons Ayeriuo. All six were rushed the tho Flushing Hospital, but Stern Was found to have died long before their arrival. Tho other five are suffering from frnctured skulls, Internal and other serious Injuries. Bccaube of the serious nature of the men's injuries little information could be gleaned from them. For ex ample, two hours after the accident the police said they had not yet learned who owned the larger auto mobile and who was driving It. Beside Stern the following were in the car: George Smith, 146th Street and Broadway; William E. Friedman, No. 409 Edgecomb Avenue: William H. Sydeman, No. 224 Fourth Avenue: Joseph Sydeman, N. 272 West 90th Street; Sidney F. Spero, Hotel Wal ton, No. 104 West 70th Street. The party turned Into Parsons Ave nuo from Amlth Street and", accord ing to eye-witnesses, vwere going at a rapid pace when a smaller car came along Parsons Avenue and struck them head on. The smaller car skid ded across tho street, but kept Its wheels, but the larger one turned turtlo before it camo to a stop. Eyo-wltnesses called ambulances from the Flushing Hospital and the men were rushed there. GIRL OF 16, BOY 18 NOW ON HONEYMOON Miss Linda W. Hill, sixteen, of Stam ford, Conn., went for a walk Tuesday and didn't return. Her absence was ex plained yesterday In a telegram from Elkton, Md. It read: "We're married and on our honey moon." Tho bridegroom Is Charles IL Dlncee. eighteen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dlneoe of Lucas Point. Sound Beach. 'Conn. His father Is with the Vacuum OH Company, No. 61 Broadway, Man hattan. Ills mother last night declined to discuss the elopement. The bride's father Is said to be a traveling salesman. He could not be reached by telephone. c NATIONAL FIRST AT POLO GROUNDS Cincinnati 0 O O O H Giants 1 1 1 S 0

FIRST GAME AT EBBET'S FIELD Chicago 4 o i a m a i Brooklyn 004QtfiHI

FIRST AT PHILADELPHIA Pittsburgh. 01 O Phila OOO Batteries Cooper and Schmidt;

TALK PEACE WITH N. Y. C. OFFICIALS Sys'tem. Heads of Shopcrafts Expect Jewell to Join Conference. DISCUSSION IS SECRET. Statement on .Settlement Is Promised at Close of Parley. Chairmen of the six Bhopcraft unions on the lines of the Now York Central Railroad went Into conference at 10.30 this morning with executives of tho road at 'the Grand Central Terminal In an effort to effect a sep arate agreement and end thq strlko on that road. B. M. Jewell, national chief of the shopmen, was scheduled to arrive for tho meeting, but whether ho took part could not bo learne'd. Negotiations for a settlement of tho strike were on the basis laid, down by Mr. Jewell and the Policy Committee of tho strikers at the recent meeting In Chicago, It was said. At 11.55 the conference took a 2 Phours adjournment for luncheon and efforts to ascertain what progress, If any, hud ,been made In tho hour and a halt tho delegates had been' sitting failed. Secrecy was maintained, how. ever, tho only anouncement being that results of tho conference would be given out later In the day. General Chairman of the Big Four brotherhoods at a meeting In Pitts burgh to-day were expected to accept the prbposul of the Pennsylvania Railroad to continue for another ycitf present wages und working conditions on that road. At tho same time offers from the New York Central Railroad to sign up present wage agreements until Sept. 03, 1923, wore received In Clovcland by Warren S. Stone, President of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, and D. B. Robertson, chief of the ilrrmen. Tho offer was In the form of a telo- gntm signed by A. II. Smith, Prcsl dent of the railroad, and Is 'Identical with tho agreements reached yestor- day with tho trainmen and canduc tors' organization in New York. President Smith said the settlement was "a happy augury of a better era In tho conduct of transportation sir vice." This waa Interpreted to mean what William Q. Lee, President of the trainman brotherhood, sold In a dif ferent way: "Wo are trying to get our wage problems and working Conditions out of the hands of the politicians. told that to President Harding and I'm telling It to you. Tho lawyers and politicians just want to make a. record, but we have been In the busi ness all our lives and we know how to handle it." He was asked. If ho thought Presl dent Smith's statement meant a now (Continued on Socond Pago.) LEAGUE )) GAME ' "J GAME R H Meadows and Henllnv

"Circulation Books Open 1922. KntrrMt l'oil Office. ENGLAND FOR MEN COMMANDS FLEET OF DESTROYERS , SENT TO SMYRNA STARS AND STRIPES SAVED REFUGEES Hoisted Over Quarters, Turks Turned Away. ATHENS. Sept. 16. Tho Stars and Stripes wns re sponsible for saving a largo num ber of refugees from slaughter, according to ono of tho stories told here. These victims, numbering thousands, wore quartered In schools and public buildings. As a lust resort, when tho Turks approached, they hoisted an American flag. Tho Turks turned away and tho refugees es caped, survivors Asserted, TURKISH TERMS FOR ARMISTICE Sweeping Demands Made on Greeks. PARIS, Sept. 16. The Turkish armistice terms were made public to-day In n semi-official despatch from An gora, seat of the Nationalist Gov ernment. They are: 1. Grcoco to withdraw Its army from all territory claimed by the Turks, abandoning Its arms, mu nitions and supplies uncondition ally. 2. Greece must recognize Turk ish sovereignty In Asia Minor and Thrace. 3. Grceco must pay indemnity for all damage sufforcd by, the Turks. 4. All parties named by the Turks as guilty of atrocities must be surrendered by tho Greeks. MISS CHRISTIE, OF SMYRNA "Y," SAFE IN PIRAEUS Cables Home Word of Es cape From City Burned by Turks. , SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Kept 16. A cablegram was received to-day from Miss Jennie M. Christie of this city, a worker with the Near East Relief In Smyrna, announcing her safo ar rival In Piraeus, Greeco. She went to Turkey In 1919 with a rroup of American Y. W. C. ' A.

1 ' " " 1

to All 8ond-CUi Matter New Vork, N. I.

TO HOLD BACK TURKS

Smyrna Wiped Out by Fire Except Turkish Quarter Victims Estimated at 120,000 Kemalists Seize 25,000 Christian Girls U.S. Destroyer Protects Americans.

Refugees Reach Athens With Reports of Hor rible Atrocities Thousands Are Shot and Burned to Death Cries of Doomed Victims

Heard on Ships Mile

LONDON, Sept. 16 (Associated Press), Oront Britain Is prepared to light to maintain the freedom of the Dardanelles, It was authoritatively stated this aftornoon. The katement came at tho end ot a week of pro tracted Cabinet meetings. v Tho Drltlsh Government, addressing Rumania, Jugo-Slavla and Greece. Is asking their participation In an cffecUve defence of tho neutral sone, It wan learned officially to-lay.. Great Britain also has inviteoVier dominions to be represented by con- -tlngcnts In the defence ot those Interests for which they have already mado onormauo sacrifices, it was also authoritatively stated. ' The British and French Governments have instructed their nigh Com mhuloftcrs at Constantinople to notify Muatapha Kemal and the Angora Government that these neutral zones, established under the flags of the threo great Powers, must be respected, drcat Britain maintains, however, that It would be fuUle and dangerous, in view of the excited mood and extrava gant claims of the Kemalists, to trust simply to diplomatic action. LONDON, Sept. 10 A message from M. lascarls, editor of the news paper Kosmos, in Smyrna, sent from the Island of Mltylcne, says: "'cw refugees from Smyrna arrived here this morning, Including many Americans and English. Ihoy say tho Turks are nslng'machlne guns nt tho street corners, killing indiscriminately. - "Tncntj-flto thousand Christian women nnd girls Iioto been con- TOicd to tho Interior and distributed among the Turkish soldiers." The victims at Smyrna numbered at least 120,000 up to Thurs day morning, says a despatch to the Times from Athcnsquoting John Manola of the American Relief as its authority. Unconfirmed estimates from Armenian sources to the United Press to-day were that a minimum of 70,000 Christians wore massacred in Smyrna, and 50,000 elsewhere, in tho path of the Turkish armies. Itofugccs along tho Smyrna quay were estimated at 500,000 by tho same source. Smyrna has virtually ceased to exist. The whole town, with the exception of the Turkish quarter and a few houses, has been gutted by the conflagration, which is still raging. "Tho extent of tho awful tragody," says the despatch, "was only real ized to-day when tho American steamship Winona, which left Smyrna Thursday, arrived at Piraeus with 1,800 refugees. The American captain says tho town was a mass of flames, while the crlos and screams of tho terrified ChrlsUnns crowding Do quay were audible when theshlpvwas a mile nway. "Tho waters of tho harbor were full of the bodies of persons drowned or shot by the Turks whllo trying to reach tho ships. Explosions wera still occurring In the Interior of the city, and It is presumed the Turks used , Incendiary bombs." Ofllclal despatch received from Smyrna to-day state that all the foreign consulates were dostroyed by tho Are with tio exception of thoto of Spain, Belgium nnd Norway. CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept, 16 (Associated Press). Smyrna has been completely wrecked by tho conflagration which has been raging thfro for tho past two days, according to information from authentic sources reach- lug hero. Thousands ot persons aro believed to havo perished. Only the Turkish quarter remains. A heavy rain continued to fall after the fire, making tho .flight of 'the inhabitants and rofugees pitiable. Thousands of the franUo populace ' fled to tho waterfront and pleaded with the small forces of American blue jackets thero to give them sheltor aboard tho destroyers. Jinny In desper ation Jumped Into tho wator and were drowned. Tho city is without adequate food and water and tho deplorable lack of sanitary conditions is giving rise to pestilence. Reports were that the Allied warships were bombarding Smyrna, hut investigation proved that the cannonading was tho work of tho KetnallstV coast batteries which wero attacking tho remainder ot the Greek forces evacuating the Chesme Peninsula. Tho British forces appealed to tho Turkish officers to cease firing, as tho retiring troops were no longer combatants but helpless refugees, and tho Turkish action, they declared, was in violaUon ot tno dictates ot humanity and International law. Tho Kemalists, howercr, Ignored the British pica for mercy, and the Greek vessels rotlrcd under heavy firo, with many wounded. British headquarters' announces that Field Marshal Viscount French,

LEarl of Ypres, Is expected to arrive

Mimiwaru irom me cny it is reported mai an mo Tillages nro mrrnlnc; nnd flint the whole countryside, has been dernstntcd. Tho property loss Is believed to havo been many millions of dollars. With the evacuation ot the British forces from the desolated city, Amer ican bluejackets now are the dominant factor. They are being well treated by the Kemalists, who have earnestly urged them to remain and asiist in

To-Morrow's Weather CLEAR AND COOLER.

PRICE THREE CENTS Farm Away. hero shortly.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-10-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294129/1922101701/0646.xml ===

ALL HALL PRINCIPALS QUESTIONED ANEW

To-Nlohfa Weather CLOUDY AND COOLER. To.Morrow'a Weather FAIR AND COOL. WALL STREET WALL T CLOSING EDITION "Circulation Books Open to All." "Circulation Books Open to All." VOL. LXIII. NO. 22,181 DAILY. Coptrlzlit (Ni'w rk Mnrld) tij I'rrn l'ut.ll.Wni Company, V)Vt. NEW YORK, TUES.DAY, OCTOBER 17, 19'22. l:ntririt a twunilt'lim .Mallrr I'okt Office, Meif York, .V. V. PRIOE THREE CENTS

IDENTITY OF BUS OWNERS

m OWNS CITY'S BUS LINES MAY BE REVEALED IN INQUIRY

BY TRANSIT 'Officials Wants to Know Who Got Licenses From Municipality. i - -

v Investigation to Begin Thurs day Will Include "Manhat tan Transit Co." Clajms.

Wj A thorc JH situation iB&tnco J. F IB nlf Pnmt

thorough Investigation of the bus In tho entire city will be Thursday morning by Clar- Shcarn. counsel to tho Tran sit Commission. This Investigation liaa been In preparation Tor some time, and Is supplemental to the in vestigation of tho Intcrborough and other traction lines begun by tho Transit Commission lost spring. Tho purposo of tho Investigation 1? lo supply tho Transit Commission wjtb information as to what service the present bus lines aro giving thq public and. If it Is not systematic and adequate, what stops should bo takes to Sive real bus service. Furthermore, tho Trahslt Coin mis. filon lrm never been Informed who the present licensees aro and their con nections ond backing. Nor has It ever received any data from any sourco as to what their equipment Is and what Heir receipts liavo been. So far, the ity has received no remuneration In pcrcentago of receipts from tho many millions of pacsengcra carried In buses. One of the" many points that will bo the. subject of Inquiry ivlll be the Manhattan Transit Company, which claims a perpetual legislative fran chise to operate buses in any street of all Ilrst class dilles In the State. It Is pointed out that although Major Hymn has been vociferous In de- ounclng "private Interests," yet neither ho nor his Administration had any criticisms to make, nor did It place any obstacles In tho way when tho Manhattan Transyt Company rs cently began operating buses and cpntlnued doing so until stopped by court Injunction. Tho action taken by the Board of Estimate In granting temporary re VOcablo permits to 400 bus owners to pperato on thlrty-threo lines will un dOubtedly Ilguro in samo way In tho development of tho Investigation. City Charter experts point out that (Continued on Fourth Page.)

To Run R. R. Trams by Electricity

Transmitted by ft? ossible to Send Power From Inventor of New ALBANY, Oct. 17. Operation of mitted through tho air by electron

was forecast to-day by Dr. Irving Langmulr, radio expert of tho General

Klcctric Company and.,inventor of tho "Such devices will probably ba usedfr not merely for radio purposes but ay ultimately play an Important part In such problems as the elec trification of railroads and tho trans mission of power to long distances by means of. direct current," Dr. Lang mulr in Id. -This, ho Indicated, power generated at Niagara Kalis might be gent thlouglr-th's air and bo picked up and used to drlvo muchtneryln San Fran Cisco. -Tho Inventor was moto than pleased when ho learned of tho suc cessful testa that had been completed with his new tubo by tho Radio Cor poration. Ho refused, however, more than a modest statement, saying: "I nin greatly plAibeif, but not sur prised yt tho Huccebs of the tubes. It Js u stepping Mono in tho progress of many yours. development." Ho then told of his ten-year strus t?lo to perfect tho tube, which to-day seems likely to revolutionize) radio. Tho most amazing tiling about the ew tubo is that Its high efficiency l alned by thu successful welding "of

DRYS WILL LOSE 75 Poll of -Nation Indicates Big Victory for Anti-Volstead Advocates. (From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. A poll of "candidates for Congress Just com pleted Indicates that tho liberals will mako a net gain of approximately seventy-five at tho November dec tlon. By combining tho figures ob tained by tho wet and dry organiza tions which maintain national head quarters In Washington, Tho Evening World has been ablo to sift tho rival claims so as to present a falrlv ac curate picture of tho situation from a national viewpoint. In specified territory, tho claims of tho "wet" nnd "dry" organizations coincide, and whllo tho Anti-Suloou League takes Issuo with tho state ment that there will bo a largo crop of "wet" candidates In tho new Con gress to occupy seats now held by those who have "dry" voting records, the "wets" have pledges In tho shape of signed letters to back up their claims. The Association. Against the Pro- hlbltlon Amendment, which has can vasstd every Congressional District und polled every candidate for Con gress, has listed as "wet" only those candidates who huvo pledged them selves to modification of tho Volstead act, with raro exceptions. FOUR "WETS" FORECAST FROM CALIFORNIA. California, according to tho latest reports to tho Antl-Prohlbltion Asso elation headquarters, will have four "wets" In tho noxt Congress. This represents a gain of ono In the House. W. J. Pearson, tho demo cratlc candidate against Senator HJram Johnson, Is "dry." Johnson voted for the Eighteenth Amendment and supported the Volstead enforce mcnt act. However, ho voted again it (Continued on Sixth Page.) New Radio Tubes Niagara to San Francisco, Device Forecasts. trains by electrical energy, trans tubes, tho newest invention in radio. now tube copper and glass, a thing heretofore regarded us Impossible. The Inventor related how he had studied tho currents present In an electric light bulb, and followed re search work In tho X-ray Hold and with other tubes and rectifiers, until ho solved tho problem ho had set. him self. tRgsults of One World oAd. WANTAGn, N. T.i Sept. SS, 1023. New York World. Uentleuicus Enclosed herewith li U. a. monuy order fur fl.US ai per cncloiK'd bid. I inu.-t also send my compliments. Your pajiur U er thins you claim It to bu. An Intuit, u.cnt or u uollar-the la toon coins lu tiring mi) a return ol (Klein tlniea Ihu ainuuut Invented, And Iho faylns Is that times era imid-SllOW MU after this. Ueru'e to you. Tours etj truly, MRS. A. A. UAYDEN.

T 10 KILL HERSELF Jilted, She Fired Five Bullets Into' Broker in His . Office. . VICTIM DIES LATER. Wife Had Agreed to Give Him Up, His Assailant Alleges. Mrs. Pauletto Saludcs, thirty, the petite French woman who yesterday mortally shot Oscar SI. Martclllcre, real estate broker -who had Jilted her, MRS. PAULETTE SALUDES. In his office at No. 100 William Street., attempted twice to-day to commit suicide, once under a street car In Grand Street and again under a large automobllo truck in Canal Street. Later, when sho was arraigned be. fore Magistrate W. Bruco Cobb, In the Homicide Court, sho learned for the llrst tlmo that Martelliero had died In the! Bcekman Street Hospital and 'slit collapsed and had to bo carried out ot court. Tho woman's attempts at suicide were the fourth slnco uhe fired live shots Into tho body of Martclllerc yesterday afternoon. Immediately after the crime sho had attempted twice to leap from the window of tho offices of her attorney, James A. Tur ley, on tho thirteenth floor of tho Woolworth Building. On that occa. slon she wua restrained by Mr. Tur loy's tecretary, and to-day Police Capt. William Funston and Detec tivo Stephen Dunphy of the Old Slip Station saved her. Tho shooting revealed one of tho (Continued on Seventeenth Page.) MATHILDE MOVES to Old gonvent Oscr in 'Partv at Former Rousseau Homo. I.UCKIINE, Switzerland, Oft. U Muk Oscr, tho Swiss riding master, and his young American fiancee, Miss Mathlldo McCormick, with other mem bers of her family, have moved from tho border of Lako Lucerne to Ltttlo Island, St, Peter's, , on Lako Hlcnne. They ate occupying tho ancient con vent where Jean Jacques nousheau tho French philosopher and author, lived In holltddo for several months in 1705. The Oscr-McCormtuk paity brought several horses with them and. they make frequent excursions to neigh boring beaches, particularly to tho little town of lirlaek,

T All Escape Fatal Injury When Huge Gas Bag Is Destroyed. HYDROGEN BLAMED. C-2 Meets- Fate Similar to Roma as It Leave Texas Hangar. SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Oct. 17 Associated .Press). The Army dlrlgl blo C-2, carrying" a score of persons. exploded and was destroyed by fire to-day at Brooks Field, near here. All on board and nearby escaped without fatality. Tho C-2, preparing to rcsumo the return Journey of a transcontinental flight, was being towed out of a hang ar when tho wind caught her nnd threw her against, a door, which ripped tho gas bag. An Instant later she was in flames. Passengers in tho car Injured follow: Major H. A." Strauss, commander, bruises, not serious. MaJ. John MaoD. Thompson, In juries undetermined, but thought not of fatal character. Capt. Jeffrey Montague, practically Ulllllllt. Capt. Nelson Walker, bruised on face. Hen Balncs. San Antonio, reported, arm broken. Lieut. O. A. Anderson, body bruises, Sergt. Joseph L. AJbrccht, broken leg. The C-2 had been unleashed and raised slightly abovo tho floor of the hangar. Crowds stood around thu door and outside, and at tho first sign of danger they scattered In all di rect ions. Ben Ba'nn.M, a San Anton:o reporter, though badly injured, tch pnoncd the first account of tho accident to this cily, and was then taken to a hos pital. Ho said: "Wo wcro being towed out, and as tho noso of tho ship camo outside of tho hangar I noticed It sway with ho wind nnd careen to ono sido. When It was half way out, tho wfnd caught it with full forco and carried it over to tho side of tho entrance. Tho big bag dropped, tho bottom of tho car scraping tho floor. Another puff of wind caught us nnd I decided to jump. "I saw tho big ship split and heard (Continued on Fourth Page.) AMBULANCE HIT BY TRUCK; THREE HURT, TWO DYING Injured Physician's Heroism May Save Driver With Severed Arteries. Three attaches of the New Rochelle Hospital wcro seriously injured to-day when a largo motor truck crashed Into tho nrnbulancc In which they were speeding on an emergency call at Webster and Washington Avenues, New Rochelle. The Injured are: Dr. Lemuel Caro, Interne, severely cut about the head, face and arms. August Woern-er, driver of the amulance, arms and handu cut, hev oral arteries severed. William Brown, orderly, Incerat.ons and concussion of tho brain. All threo wcro removed to tho hos p'tal where doubt was exprrsscd as to tho recovery of Wocrner and Brown Physicians said, that Br. Cnro'a quick action In stopping tho bleeding of Wocrncr's wounds, although severely Injured himself, probably saved the driver s life. The ambulance, on Its second trip, was turning from Webster Avenue Into Washington Avenuo when tho truck, owned by tho Progrsslve Gro cery Stores, of N'o. 1SS1 Park .A venue New York, coming from behind, crushed into its side. Wllllum Mus aroT the driver of the tiuek, of No. ICQ West '100th Street. 'Manhattan, was locked tip charged with violation of that section of tho Stato Motor Ye hlclo Law giving ambulances the right of way.

SEARCHING INQUIRY. IN HALL FAMILY; MILLS AND DAUGHTER ALSO QUESTIONED

! . . :,...,..,..... . ran"!

siK:.tj'W!iiz'yi s hi iusisbish

Woman Murderer in Foreground, With Man to Help Her, Theory of Mystery Tale Writer in Hall Case i ! Courtney Ilylcy Cooper, author of "The Print On the Vane," "The White Desert" and other cutioslty-tlckllng mystery stories, to-day gives exclusively to Evening World readers his reasoned analysis of tthat remarkable mystery story in real life, the Hall murder. Mr. Cooper, like his friend and onc-lime collaborator, William J. Flynn, former Chief of the United Slates Hecrct Service, has studied viany crimes of fact, as well as of fiction, and practical observation, as well as skill in theorizing, characterizes his discussion of the double tragedy BY COURTNEY RYLEY COOPER. Who killed Edward Hall and Mrs. Eleanor Mills? Well, If I were working on tho case, I would look for a woman and a man, or a man working under tho direction of a woman.

lit fji3&"tf$Z!' I ai ",un Vv. -"i yw I i,aii over COOrtmpv night. C pmo to instead ot Or the announcement that a (Continued ou

It Is a woman's type of crime. It has certain obvious woman elements. Tho miss ing watch? The scattered lotters? Thcro are two posslblo reasons for tho first: One, a surface deslro to crcato an appearance ot lobbcry, while tho second points to a woman. More than ono feminine 'murderer has killed

,aken u lock of her dead lover's which to crlcc. Uy tho way. was

that uutcll a gift? As to tho letters, again woman, and tlirco palpable reasons: Once moro the do siro to create an Illusion of tubbcry, or a frenzied search to find tho last written thing which Mrs. Mills had sent to her reverend friend, or lastly an effort to find and destroy a luring misslvo which might liavo been tho means of bringing these two people to the place of , tliclr death. Suppose that on tho '.calh 'dat'. Mills had received u decoy letter reading sumuthlng like this: , "I'vo had to chunso the place for to-

the usual one.' now driver might take thorn out in a Second Pace.)

Rector's Ardent Love Notes to Mrs. Mills Sold for $1,000 by Her Daughter's Woman Law yer, End Any Hopes of Suppressing Facts and Open Way fo Putting find to Secrecy. (Special From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World;) NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J Oct. 17.-Mrs. Edward W. Hall, widow of the rector of the Church of St. John the Evangelist, and her two brothers, ,1 lenry and William, and James and Charlotte Mills, husband and daughter of tlic choir leader, who was found slain with Dr. Hall, were severely questioned by Prosecutors Strieker and Beck man to-day. Two servants in the, Mall household were also sum moned to the Court House. Henry StevenB was the first to bo examined by tho Prosecutors and he wns held back after the others were excused. Mrs. Hall and tho malda wcro allowed to leave Boon after the arrival' of her lawyer, Anthony N. Pfcffer, at u little beforo 1 o'clock. William Stevens, forclorn nnd hurt looking, camo out half nn hour lator, 9 "They asked me If I heard anv r.na

WHICH MADE S X

f LS ILL Jersey City Officials Invest!- gate; Stale Confection Sold to Children. Six children attending Public School No. 18 In Sussex Street, Jersey City, were taken violently 111 shortly after noon to-day after eating candy pur chased In a nearby shop. Miss Janochlo, the superintendent, rushed tho children to their homes and notified Health Officer Hugen. Ho assigned Dr. Krcd Ilobcrtson and Dr. I.co JCoppcl, who reported, fol lowing u tour ot tho sick children's homes, ull would recover. Stomach pumps wcro used In somo Instances. Tho candy was bought during tho noon recess in tho shop run by Will iam I.cwl8 at No. 30 Morris Street. Analysis showed It contained gelatine which had coagulated und becomo un- wholcKorno, excelsior, bits of pins and other foreign substances. Ten pounds of it found in tho shop wcro con demned and tho pollco began' Inves tigation of the wholesalers from whom Lewis got tho candy. Tho affected children, ranging from seven to twclvo years .of ugc, were: Frank Dlskcrs, No. 62 Monitor Street; Adele Brandt, No. 247 strand Street; Frank Admlskl, No. 133 Mor ris Street; Virginia Bowers, No. 33 Hudson Street; Edward Schlmlnskl, No. 113 Hsscx Street; Joseph Woupll, No. 32D Grand Street. CLYDE LINER LENAPE AGROUND OFF FLORIDA Gore on St, Jnlina IUrrr llar-ln No DsnEtr, JACKSONVILLE, Kla., Oct. 17. The steamer Lenape, crack ship of the Clyde Steamship Company, with 237 passengers oboanl, Is acround on the bur at the mouth of the St. Lawrence Itlvcr. Thu vessel Is in no dancer, oil) dais of thu line said. It Is expected to float at high tide lute tu-ilay und proceed up tho liver to this city. The Lenape sailed from New York buturduy. LAUREL RESULTS. i CLEAR AND FAST. FlItST P.AC13 Five and one-half furlongs. Vamlerburg (Marlnolll). 51.30. $2.00 and, J2.50,. llrst. Sdggurtha Aroon (A. Johnson), S3.20 and $2.70, second. . Druid Hill (Kelsay), $3.00, third. Off at 1.47. Time 1.09 1-5. All started.

leave my sister's homo at 2 o'clock In the nornlng of Juno 15," he ld. "Hut haven't you said- you left thu house yourself ut that tlmeV" hb wurf asked. . . . . i Ho waved the Inquiry away Impor tantly. i' ' "That lsn' n matter tof rhe to din cuss ut all," he said. "Not at this

tlmo. Can't suy a word about that1

now." Charfotto Stills nnd her father cro allowed to go after William. Henry Stevens was not released from his ordeal until after 2 o'clock. ' One of tho maids questioned to-day has not been mentioned before' In dis cussions of tho murder. Sho Is Bar bara Tough, who has been with Mrs.' Hall a long tlmo and Is understood to have been her closo confidant In. tho long strain ot keeping a proud nnd Indifferent front In splto of tho wife's knowledge of tho flagrant love making of Sir. Hall and Sirs. JIIIU. Tho other was Ixmlsa Gclst, unco discharged by Mrs. Hall and ro-cm-ploycd at tho Insistence of her hus band. Mr. Ueckcr Issued the following of ficial statement: We this day had examined Mrs. Hall and her brothers, William and Henry. These examination! -were prompted by tome new in formation we have received which we cannot disclose. (We do not intend the arreit of any person to-day. No other statement it authorized. , Charlotte Mills und her father were called to 'refresh tho -prosecutors' memories on statements thejr already ' had made. , Henry Stevens was put under ex amination for two hours. Frequently while ho was being questioned Prose cutor Strieker, or a detective sent nith a message from him, went down stairs to tho Court of Common Pleas whero Judgo Daly was sitting, and consulted with him gravely. The other persons summoned .were ranged about an ', anteroom with' county detectives or State -troopers, sitting between them so they could rot communicate except openly. Ap parently they chose to keep an un happy silence, Henry Stevens appeared at the Court House In his own automobile, unaccompanied. He has been to tbo Court House before. On his early visits, ho came voluntarily. For ev- eral days after the murders were dis covered, th Investigators valn'y' sc light for him at his summer place at Ijivaletto on the ocean and In New Brunswick and In New York City., Then ho appeared one day and Bald his disappearunco and unwillingness to discuss the murdcis was duo to "advico of counsel," und IntlmalcJ he thought It had been bad advice. Mputlng Proiecutor IScekman on that occasion lu tho corridor of tho Court House, Mr. Stevens said ho had been ou: on the oct-n flshlnjc tho night of Sept, 14 until 11 o'clock and named T. S, Melllnger as having been with him. Tho friend was v(s.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-10-17, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294129/1922101701/0648.xml ===

THE EVENING WORLD, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1023.

UN STAND TELLS OF jBrought Much Whiskey on Trips From Home, Accused Asserts. HAD $3 AN HOUR JOB. Widow Denies She Obtained "Secret. Service" Work for Slain Man. TOMS RIVER, N. J., Oct. 17. Mrs. try n. Glbcrson resumed tins stand to-day In Jier trial on a charge of laying her hujband, William F. Qib- erson. In their homo In Lftljehurat. J. She continued tir ntnrv. vlitpti (Bne began to tell yesterday, and was questioned from time to tlmo by James M. Davis, one of her attorneys. She said her husband apparently was hired to work as a "secret ser vlca agent" during tho war by a man named John Kangetta. Bills to the mount of 15,000 for services ren dered wero sent to him. Mrs. Glbcr- VU UU .U-UtlJ OUO HUB UIUU 4onIy onoe, when he called to see her husband at their home In Lakehurst. .Bhe never had any business trans actions of any kind with him, she .aid. This explanation was intended 'to contradict testimony Indicating; she bad obtained the "Bccret service" Job for her husband at a wage of J3 an ' hour. -Concluding her direct testimony. etal that sh,e shot her husband and said she did not know who shot him. She had been asked these questions mfter testifying to her relations with Howard Ga Nun, to the alleged dis crepancies in her husband's bank ac count and that Irer husband had been n gaged in the bootlegging business. She testified Glbcrson started bring ing whiskey home at night and taking t flwnv tnr rnllnwtne rinv. Hnn h H ho had been Informed by Sheriff John L. llolman of Ocean County that her husband had been suspected of being a bootlegger and that Bhe had- insisted that Giberson cease tho operations. This, sho said, was about four or flvo weeks before Giberson's death. The jury by direction of the court was taken in automobiles to the Giber son home and spent an hour there In specting it. No demonstrations were made there to illustrate any of the alleged incidents in connection with the killing. The Jrors merely walked about the house and ground. WIFE, GONE 16 YEARS HE WANTS FREEDOM Reilly Asks Court to Dis solve Marriage. Thomas Reilly, an employee of the Equitable Company, Is in the un fortunate position of not knowing whether ha is a widower or father. He had a son and a wife, the former six years old, in August, 1906. But he hasn't seen cither of them since. In his petition to Supreme Court ustice u.Maily asking that his marriage be annulled under the domestic relations law, which provides that If a husband or wife has been absent and ughcard of for five years a dissolution may be granted, Reilly ays his wife and son disappeared fr,6m his home at No. 664 Hast 166th Street in 1906. v- Just prior 'to his wife's disappear ance, Reilly says ho had been ordered from his home by his mother-in-law, who placed all of his belongings on tho front porch, ordering him to "get out and stay out." Justice O'Mallcy' permitted service of a buinmonE and complaint by publication. SCIIIEI-KIJMX DKMED I.VJV.CTIO.'V against cm;. William J. Schleffclln, head of the Citizens' Union, to-day was denied a temporary Injunction by Supreme Court .1 ustice Lehman in the taxpayers' oc-tjon-brought by Schleffelin to refrain it no city or :ngw i orK from paying sai- Hy to John Dolan. a policeman, on the pica that he was illegally reinstated to the force.

l 1 ' j

ill H I .mi i

il j 'O I

Meets Mad Charge for Her

Mrs. E. John Brandeis, Honeymooncr, Performs Unparalleled Act of Bra very in Wilds of Alaska During a Land and Sea De Luxe Hunting Trip. (Spcll to Ttie'Eventns Worl4.) OMAIIA, Oct. 17 How would you lll;o to stand up with a rtin and tako tho chargo of a wounded bear into which a couple of bullets had been pumped Just to make old bruin mad' and to giro tho amateur movie man a chance for a realistic film? That's what Mrs. E. John Brandeis of Xcw York and Omaha did in Alarka a little while ago. Mr. and Mrs. Brandeis have Just returned from a four months' honeymoon trip to tho big gams country of tho Far North, where they went Im mediately following their secret marriage last May in a town not far from Now York City. Incidentally, Mrs. Brandeis brought the hide and head of the big btar back to Omaha with her. . They will hang on the wall of her new home. Mrs. Brandeis was formerly Mrs. J. F. Colman of New York. She Is just 2S and a decided blonde. Mr. Brandeis Is 2S. Both are sport enthusiasts and both have been on big hunts before. Young Brandeis Is a millionaire and is fond of hunt ing. That's why they took the long Alaska hunt as a honey moon trip. They shot bear and caribou and moose and sea lions and even whales and honey mooned between times. But the shooting of the bear was but one of tho many exciting incidents which happened to tho young people on the trip. Twice their private yacht was blown on the'boach during stonns, and'a lot of other things happened to them. None of their fj lends knew any thing about their marriage until tho announcement was made in Omaha last week after their re turn from tho honeymoon. It was a aecict, but not a sui pii.se. For tho trip Mr. Brandeis char Vied a former Mibmarlno chaser, ihe yacht Silver Screen. They sailed from Scattlo a fow days after the wedding. Mrs. Brandeis Vtas the only woman aboaid tho yacht. The big .bear which charged Mrs. Brandeis- was only olio of seven bears killed. It was Mrs. Brandeis's second bear. Ilcr first bear was a big female brown bear. Sho took Just ono shot at a distance of 100 yards. The bullet went through tho heart of tho beast and death was In stantaneous. Tho big black fellow which

i i . !!'

"posed" for tho mcving plctuie mau was of another stripe. Ho was perfectly willing to run when t lie running was good, but when ho was cornered ho was just as willinc to fight, and fight hard. "We wanted a movie picture of a bear hunt." says Mr. Brandeis. "and wo very carefully prepared for it. The guides discovered a big'' black bear and we arranged to 'shoot' him with the camera. "Mrs. Brandeis Insisted on standing out and taking the charge, and just wouldn't be de nied. So wo men. without her knowledge, arranged, as e thought, to cover every event uality and let " have her way." Bruin was ambling along, get ting away from the guides who wero driving him toward the camera stand. Ho was not In a bnd humor. Tn fact, he seemed lather tamo. - Rvrn when In Fight or the camera party he showed no disposition to put up a fight. So young Mrs. Brandeis calmlv raised her rifle and gave Mr. Bear a couple of "taps" Fkilfully placed ro as lo wound and excite him hut not to do Injury enough to disable him. "The bear responded nobly," says Mr. Brandeis. "P'rom a per fectly calm and gentlemanly bear he Immediately turned into a raging demon. Mrs. Brandeis was In sight, sn he charged her. Tho movie man clicked and clicked away. " 'Mickey,' that's Mrs. Bran do's, stood her ground and let tho bear come on. A guldo who Tiai close to her lost his head. He had no gun and ho attempted to wrest her's from her hands so he could k'.U tho charging hear himself. And In fo doing he got between us and the bear and came mighty near spoiling everything. "Bui Mrs. Brandeis finally got rid of tlv fellow, nnd calmly rals mc hr rifle fired just one shot at the benr. which was hy that tlmr very close. That one shot was enough. The hoar dropped with a bullet through his heart." The film of the hear hunt has been sent to New York for development.

Own 'Movies' INDICTED BROKER FAILSJTO APPEAR E. F. Fuller, in $2,000,000, Failure, Telegraphs From Canada. N E. F. Fuller, who with William F. McGcc wusi indicted for bucketing in connection with tho $2,000,000 failure of E. F. Fuller & Co., failed to appear again when their case was called bo foro Judge Johnstone' In the Court of General Sessions to-day. Eugeno F. McGce, their counsel, produced a telegram from Fuller yes terday from Alberta, Canada, which read: "Le9ving to-night for New Yotk. Arrive Saturday night. Best timo I can make." Judge Johnstone then set the case for next Monday. After learning that .1 ustice Cohalan had Issued an order staying the trial until a hearing on a chargo of venue, Judge Johnstono ordered Fuller and McGeo brought Into court. McCea was on hand to-day. Tho case w)I be kept on the calen dar until Justice Cohulan's order Is disposed off. CASSESE, UNDER GUARD, TO BE BROUGHT BACK I'nlted States District Attorney Ralph C. Greene In Brooklyn this mornig announced that arrange ments are nearly completed foi brlng Mig'Anthony Casso.sc, alleged million -alio bootlegger, back to Brooklyn fiom Savannah, Ga., where he was recently arrested.' "I have been Informed by Wallaco E. J. Collins, counsel for Cassese," said Mr. Greene, "that his client will not fight extradition. Mr. Collins tells tells mo ho has communicated with I'asseso by telephone and that Cassese admits his identity. "I have wired the Vnltcd States District Attorney at Savannah tn ar range for the icmovul under a heavy guard. We do not wish lo take ans i iianees on an escape on loute "

Girl Elopes. Losing $100,000 Father Offered Her Not to Wed Musician's Daughter Promised to Remain Single Until Thirty, But Cupid Ruins One's "Career." CHICAGO, Oct. 17. Her father's promise of $100,000 if sho remained unmarried until she was thirty, was an Inducement to Josephine Kryl for .iix years, ut the Idea of another six years well, the Idea did not last longer after she met Paul Taylor White, a music composer of Boston. A message signed "Mrs. Paul Taylor White," announced that Josephine had broken her agreement with her father. Six years ago Josephine, then

eighteen, was a promising violin stu dent under tho tutelage of Ysaye, and her sister, Marie, then sixteen, was in accomplished pianist. Their father, Bohumir Kryl, himself n noted musician, had great ambitions of careers for his daughters, bo great that ho exacted the same promise from each tu remain single until thirty whou I00t000 each would be

E OF LIQUOR RULE ON E Veeder, for Foreign Lines, Says Ban Was Placed to Pro tect American Boats. Since March S, 1799, sea stores of a Bhlp havo been an Internal affair of that ship and havo been exempt ftim Interference by revenue officials. This contention was urged to-day be fore Federal Judge Learned Hand In the United Stntes District Court In tho old Post Office Building, by Van Vechtcn Veeder, of counsel for sev eral foreign steamship companies now engaged In a fight on tho United States Government's latent edict, which holds that ships of foreign reg istry cannot legally bring Into the territorial waters of tho United States any liquors, even though such liquors may bo a part of the stores of such foreign ships. This ruling was handed down by Attorney General Daugherty, on Oct. 6. That there was no question about tho right of foreign vessels to carry liquors In ships' stores until United States Shipping Board vessels wero attacked for doing so, was strenuously urged by Mr. Veeder, who charged that the Government, In its answer to the present injunction application, declared thut to pormlt liquors In tho stores of foreign ships waa to put American ships In unfair competition with the ships of other countries. Ho charged further that tho Gov ernment's sudden determination to ban liquors from foreign ships In this country was so not to glvo them any advantage over American ships carrying on transatlantic traffic. Mr. Veeder said the real Issue Is "Is tho mero presence of liquor In the sea stores of a foreign vessel while In territorial waters of tho United States within tho prohibition "of tho Eighteenth Amcndmen and tho Na tional Prohibition Ac'tV" He further urged that liquors In tho stores of a ship nre a necessary part of tho ship's equipment and equally necessary for a voyage. Mr. Veeder pointed out that Prohi bition ha3 been In effect threo years and foreign vessels havo been coming into the waters of tho United States without any suggestion from the Gov ernment that the liquors aboard such vessels wero thero Illegally. Even tho seals placed on such liquors While tho vessel was In the waters of the United States were at times broken with offi cial sanction in order to glvo some of that liquor from tho ship's stores to members of the crow who were sub jects of tho foreign country In which tho ship registered. Tho validity of such practice, Mr. Veedor said, waB uphold by the then Attorney General Palmer. When Lucius H. Beers, counsel for tho Cunard Line, spoke on the ques tion of possession of liquors. Judge Hand said possession and transporta tion "should stand or fall together." Ho tlldn't see how the two could bo very well separated. Joseph P. Nolan, counsel for the French Line, pointed out that sailors when employed in Franco mako a contract as part of their wages to be supplied with so much wlno or other wise to leave the ship at tho Ameri can port. Ho emphasized that u treaty between Franco and Amonca In 1S33 provided for tho supply of lltiuors to membeis of crews of French vessels. If foreign steamship companies would pay their sailors an adequate wago in lieu of liquor supply as part ot tho compensation, thego would be no need for liquors In ship's stores, United States Attorney Hayward urged In reply. Col. Hayward de clared: "American rVs-cIs havo no dilllculty in obtaining the services or foreign sailors without any liqim contracts as p.irt or their eniplo;. -ment." Ho charged that tho foreign ships carried liquors as pait of a large and profltnblo business for tho pant two years in violation of tho law. Mr. Hayward declaied that the great transatlantic liners were noth ing but. saloonkeepers. "I do not Impugn their motives, nor hhairi attempt to," raid he. "But 1 nee no difference between a cargo of liquor and liquor carried as ship's .stores. If you write a law it niut h o written thut every wretched boo logger from Mciro to Canada canii' ovado it by calling Ins liquor atoi !i ship's stores." their reward. The rule was so rigid that no young men were to be entertained In the Kryl home. Lust week Josephine, who had slgnod contracts for Kuropean appear ances this winter with various sym phony orchestras, said she had nn ap pointment with a dentist and left the Kryl resldcnco. Her message from Boston was 'ho first word Ucr fatl.ut received, sUico.

Thing In It, and Won a Ford

Miss Jeanne Warren Picked Out Interesting Feature of a Commonplace Event and Sent It to "What Did You See?" Page. Miss Jeanne Warren of No. 101 West 105th Street was onco an as sistant casting director of a famous film company. Sho has trained her self to look for tho unusual, and to know It when sho sees It. Therefore, as a contributor to The Evening World's "What Did You See To-Pay?" page, Miss Warren Imme diately entered Into tho prlzo-wlnnlng class. Sho wins the Ford automobile to day for the best contribution on yes terday's page an account of how one man on an elevator In the Woolworth Building conveyed a message to an other man in another elevator. It is a story seen perhaps by scores of poo ple every day. but Miss Warren .saw tho unusual features In it, sent it In and now sho is richer by a Ford tour Ing car, latest model, equipped with n self-starter, clectrlo lights nnd tools. which will bo delivered to her door any time she wants it, as the irlft of The Evening World, Miss Warren, who Is rehearsing now for a vaudevillo act, waa almost overcome with pleasure when an Evening World reporter told her sho had won tho day's prbte of the autg mobtle, or, at least, sho said sho was almost overcome. Anyway, alio seemed to have difficulty In finding words at first. "Wu wu well!" Bho exclaimed when sho first heard It. Sho seemed to be trying to say something clso, but whatever it was tho smllu on her face and in her blue pvm nnlil it let ter than any words sho might have spoken. Miss Warren plainly was de lighted. "I I don't know how to thank you," she said. "It was my first con tribution. I'm always looking fpi thine that nrn minxim!. nnH 1 saw this incident in tho Woolworth Building I wrote it as soon as I got home and mailed It to you.- I'm cortalnlv clad 'I did. nlthnnirli T liu.I no idea I might win a Ford with It." Miss Warren's mother and two sis ters live In tho city, and, sho said, tno moment sho learns how to drive tho cur safclv sho Is going to tako them for a drive. "And T rvnftpt tn lnU tlmm nut M sho added, "as often as I can, tor 1 intend to keep tho car tt's tho first thing I over won." Hero is tho store which won It for her: FROM ELEVATOR TO ELE VATOR. Riding up in a Woolworth Building elevator wa had reached tho thirty-sixth floor. My friend, Mr. Turner, was about to get off when, acrois the hali, he taw Mr. Warner, the man he was calling to see, step jnto an elevator about to deicend. "There goes my man!" said Mr. Turner. But the elevator operator, who happened tp be the starter, laid "Stay on the car, and I'll try to get him for you." Removing the receiver from a telephone at hit Ide he called the deipatcher. "This is Graham," he said, "stop Car No. 24 at once and lt me talk to the operator." Jamming the receiver against his ear and holding it in place he con tinued to operate the car. We were at the thirty-ninth floor when the operator on Car No. 24 "came In" on the phone. "Whst floor are you on?" asked Graham. "Twenty-eighth," was the reply. "Stay right there," said the starter. Then, after a few words vfith Mr. Turner, the operator of No. 24 was asked to find out if

BBM''A SBBBBBBBBbI SBBBBBW, 'V 'LbBBBbV

Ml OS 'JEAMME. WARRJIM.. there was a Mr. Warner on his car. If so, to call him to the tele phone and go ahead with the car. By this time we were at the forty seventh floor, and Mr. Turner, on , our car, was asking Mr. Warner, on Car No. 2 to wait for him downstairs. M'CREERY'S BODY STILL UNCLAIMED Goes to Potter's Field Un less Son Intervenes. Unless somo ono representing his son appears at tho Bureau of Miss ing Persons at 1'ollco Headquarters to-day, tho body of James H. Mo- t. rcery will bo buried in I'ottet's Field. McCrcory died In' Cumberland Hospital after being taken thero irom the Columbia Hospital In Lower Brooklyn. Before ho died ho said ho had a son. John D. McCrcory, Socro- lary and Trcasuior of the u. S. Conl und Colfo Co. and Allied Industries of Pittsburgh. McCrcory said ho had left his homo and family twenty years ago. - Tho son communicated with wired 'Not Interested; 'letter follows." In tho letter he sold the man who was dead probably was his father, but that no nau ucserieu nis family twenty years ugo. Ho wroto that ho would liavo a representative of tho company here see that tho father's body was decently burled. Un till noon tho repiescntntlvo ot the son had not ap peared. GIRL SINGS TO-DAY IN TEST OF SONG CURE ON INSANE Alienists Relievo Soprano Can Help Patients at Stale Hospital. Tlie Slate has engaged Miss Klhel ramminga of Chicago, whose soprano volco has a pe culiar pitch, to sing to-day at the Manhattan Stato Hospital for tho Insane, oo Ward's Island, In an attempt to reiicvo somo of the inmates of their obsessions. Dr. Marcus Hoyman, Supcr- lntcndcnt of the hospital, has called on tho young woman on the advice of famous alienist-), who say that a certain pitch of a certain volco has tho abili ty to cas9 defective brains.

for TWENTY If you could have asked for more in Fatima, would it not have heen this lower price?

Ltt Fatima smoktrs till tou

IT IN BATTLE "Sammy the Painter Gets Pot of Hot Soup Over turned dn Head. Probltlon agents who visited a res taurant at No, 1C9 East Fourth Street, Just before noon to-day, pre cipitated a riot In which a thousand forclgn-born residents of tho thickly congested neighborhood Joined. Stren uous efforts by a do7.en imllro icsorvwi fiom tho Fifth Hlicct Station, ltd by Cnpt. Tigho, w'oru required to rcstor peace. During the mlx-up many of th crowa pusncd their nay Into tho res taurant, which Is run hy Charles Zeub, forty-two, and his wife, Katld. thirty-seven, and Joined In an attack which it la charged thd Zoubs and tncir two helpers, Sophie Churclnlco, tlilrty-slx, and John Litchovlts, thlrty-threo, made upon the three agents, James Klein, Joseph Russo and Sam Kupferman. Dishes, chairs and tables were thrown about, whllo those outside surged at tho entrance. The agents, though armed, feared to draw their pistols becauso of tho women and children in the crowd. They struggled as uesi moy oouia until the polio arrived. The trouble started when Klein, ttusso and Kupferman, who Is known as "Sammy tho d'alnter." becauso he disguises himself an ono to get evi dence, bought what they say waa whiskey from Zoub. Instead ot drinking his, Samray poured it In a bottlo and told Zous Tie was a dry agent. Mrs. Zoub heard, and It Is charged sho grabbed a meat cleaver and made for tho ngents. Sophie Churclnko, hurried from the kitchen with a pot of hot soup, aotih and Lltchovitr, It Is nsld, got busy with their bare fists. Sophlo succeeded In turning the soup pot Upsldn down on Sammy's head, tho agents say. Itusso received a clip from tho cleaver over his right eye, narrowly escaping death. Klela was badly bruised. Just as tho reserves succeeded tn breaking up tho crowd, an nmbulanc from Uellovue Hospital arrived. Dr. Isaacson treated tho three agents nnd also Lttchovttz, who had been cut ubout the head. The two Zoubs, Sophie and Lltcho vitr, wero locked up in the Fifth Street Station, charged with assault. Zoub will be tuken to Federal Court, too, on n charge of violating tho Vol stead Act. When Klein, Itusso nd..Kupfermnn reported to rrbhlb'itlon headquarters their chief took one look at them. Then ho said: "You fellows better take tho rest of tho day off." ' They did. OSCAR C. NAUMAN DIES FROM INJURY Oscar C. Nauman, for thirty years Deputy Tax Collector for the 5th Dis trict, Manhattan, died at tho Lenox Hill Hospital to-day from Injuries re ceived Oct. 15, when ho was struck by an nutomoblle at Parle Avenue and STth Street. Ho was a son of Dr. Louis Nauman, former Coroner of New York, who was political assoclato of Abraham Lincoln. He Is survived by his wife, two daughters and a son, Orcar jr. Mrs. Nauman is a sister of tho lata Her man rudder, owner of the Staats Zeltung. Mr. Nauman was flfty-'threo years old and lived at No. 9 East 87th Street. Arrangements for tho funeral havo not been announced, , i

UCQtTT K AlIIU 1 OBACCQ CbV, ' -7t '


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-11-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294130/1922111501/0181.xml ===

To-Nfeht's Weather CLEARING COOLER.

VO.. LXIII. NO. 22,206

LIUHI KILLtU IN f-UUD RIOTS III ArllPIMI At-PB M M Bl AITIt-A

IN otvtKAL btKIWAN ullltd: - WIRTH CABINET FORCED 001

Most Serious Trouble in Co logne When Communist Meeting Was Raided. COALITION REJECTED. Socialists Decline to Unite With People's Party in Ministry. BERLIN'. Nov. 15 (United Press). Eight persons wero killed nnd many erlously Injured Inn food rlot3 which broke out In various parts of the country yesterday. In Cologne, ' Whero four wero killed, tlio police were called upon to break up an al leged Communist demonstration In tho marketplace. Besides the four Ccad. four wero Injured. .During tho ruld thp pollco seized hundreds of pamphlets calling for n general strike. British troops have been called upon to assist tho police. ' It Is estimated that thcro aro 50,01)0 I unemployed In Cologne. 1 Four persons weio killed and many 1 wounded in riots in DiK-scldorf. Other ' clashes were repotted In Dicsden. j Munchen, Gladbach and at other Jjcattcrcd points. f British troops fought rioters. In the squares of Cologno to-day, when tho 1 small German Pollco Department was I overpowered by a mob nrmed with i cobblestones, clubs and bottles. Six , policemen were wounded and a num 1 ber of rioters killed. Tlrey weio car 1 tied off by their comrades. BERLIN, Nov. K (Associate 1 Press). The German Cabinet headed hv Chancellor Wirth has fallen. The

Ministerial resignations, filed last Ulilght. were precipitated by tho de Iclslon of tho United Socialists not to partlclpato in a coalltiln Ministry ' which Included members of tho Ger ! man People's Party. ! nut tho friends of Chancellor Wirth

were not oblivious of the feeling that he had outlived his usefulness unl now has betomo a victim of a policy of Indecision nnd inactivity which found Its culmination m tlio Govern ment's fullure to mnko a practical ar rangement with tho Allied Repara tions Commission during tho courso of IU recent visit to Berlin. Ever Blnco tho assassination of (Continued on Second Pago.) FUEL ADMINISTRATOR SEIZES GOELET FUEL Three Cnrlnailn Ptled In Vnnl 1H- Irlltntril In line-i nn i,im ) NEWBURGH. N. Y.. Nov. 15. Con Unulng his search of wealthy homes In ' vi. .(Ia fnr rnnl minnllos In excess of tho quantity prescribed by William R. Perkins, tlio Fuel Administrator yester- day seized thrco carloads of chestnut coal on tlio propcity ot Mis. Kober! Goelet, near Chester. ' Investigators found fifty tons of coal plied near tho barns of tho Goelct pmp- erty. It having been Impossible, to horn all of the delivery. Mr. Perkins directed aiots to residents of Chester and Florida, nearby namicis, wnicn nan no uiunra Cite. FOR THE Sunday World MUST be in' The World Office FRIDAY Before 6 P. M. To Insure Proper Classification DODGE

Copjrlcht (New I'uhlUInc ON TO-DAY; MANY Amusing Incidents as Wo men Exercise ' Franchise Lady Astor Seems Winner. LONDON', Nov. 1C The t.pcctac!e of children casting ballots at an elec tion was witnessed in several cases in England to-day. This was possible under the law, which provides that If a name is placed on the register of voters, even mistakenly, it must stand unless challenged before election day. Therefore, In tho Haywood anil Radcliffo division to-day, a flvc-and-a-half-year-old boy, accompanied by his mother, cast his vote. At Hull a lad of twelve years voted. He was stopped by a policeman as he entered the polling station, but on convinc ing tho officials that his name 'was on tho register he was allowed to vote. In another caso tho mother of a year-old infant had been mistakenly registered, showed her intentions of taking tho baby to tho polls to cast his ballot. This year, as in the past, numerous Americans residing in England found their names on the tegister and thciefoie wore entitled to vote. Whether they took advantage of the sntuatlon was entirely a matter or personal choice. As contrasted with the children voting, was the recorder vote of Sirs. Mary Foley of Lincoln, who cele brated her 100th birthday last Mny. Sho was early at the polls and wont through t lie voting process briskly. There seemed to bo a great differ ence in the extent to which the wom en voters in I he oast end of London were acquainted with the big election personalities. One canvasser declared that the name of . ionar Law was as unfamiliar to the women there as the names of tho Pharaos. Tho Labor leaders, Henderson and Clynes, seemed equally unknown, but Lloyd Gcorgo was famous, not as "tho man who won tho war" but as "tho dear thing which got us a pension," Among the humorous occurrence was the appratanic at the West Lcw- (Conlinucd on Second Page )

Get Arrested or Drowned, Plight Of Hooch Boat on Bar in High Sea Crew of Scotch-Laden Launch at Jones' Inlet Made Quick Choice the S. O. S. Two men In the 50-foot motor boat. Bijou, wero in u serious predica ment when tholr craft ran onto a sandbar at Jones's Inlet off Freeport, h. I., in tho fog and heavy sea this morning. They couldn't get tlio boat off without assistance and If they summoned asslstanco, tho said assistance would discover that tho motor boat was loaded with 300 rases of Scotch whiskey worth $30,000, nnd it they didn't summon assistance tho chances of their bolng drowned wero moro than favorable. Violet waves swept over tho little J-

boat which was pounding badly on th' bar. The men couldn't see tho bhoiv nnd wero not quito sure of their whereabouts. Finally tho situation became so desperate that they sounded tho launch's whistle and flrcd several shots from revolvers. The alarm was heard by a Coast Guard patrol at Joncb's Inlet. Ho called for help anil a small boat went out to Investigate The launch was TOURING

I "Circulation Books Open to All."

Vork World) by l'rtaa Company, 1922. NEW

EDWIN GOULD S SON

IS SENT TO JAIL AS AUTO SPEEDER Locked Up for Day on Tier With Motley Rifraff ot City's Courts. SMILES AT SENTENCE. Ran Afoul of Cop and Is Sharply Rebuked by Magistrate Cobb. Frank M. Gould, son of Edwin Gould and grandson of Ja Could, made a trip to the Tomlxs to-da a prisoner in tlio Black Maria, along with twclvo other prisoners, chauf feurs, pickpockets, drunks and ped dlers from Essex Market and th Traffic Courts. Gould, sentenced to one day In jail and fined $40 for speeding,' took tho sentence as a joke. Ho paid the fine Imposed by Magis trate Bruce Cobb. Gould gave his ad dress as No. 336 Fifth Avenu6 nnd Ardsley-on-the-Hndson. lie stnted ne was twenty-thrco years old. At the Tombs the van with the hon of the millionaire was unloaded in Ihc yard nnd the prisoners wrrc marched to the ofllcc and their pedigrees taken aftjr which they wero assigned to cells. Gould was placed on Tier No. 1, containing criminals of all sorts and near Murderers' How. A note sent to him by hcvera newspaper men asking to see him, came back with the "No" written on it and the "No" underscored several times. Whether the young man after being locked up had decided It was no longer humor ous could not be learned. Gould was arrested last night by I'atiolmnn Hairy Doyle of the motor cycle squad while driving south on Park Avenue. He said Gould was go ing 29 miles nn hour from 49th Street to 4Gth Streets. Gould, according to Doyle, refused to show his license when asked, nnd according to Doyle, said: "Let's fix this up. I'll take you to supper." Gould pleaded guilty to the chafgo of speeding and corroborated what the policeman had suid. He was smiling and Magistrate Cobb, after imposing sentence, said: "Vou arc not above the law, and H stems to mo you showed a defiance uf the law." Awaiting the arrival of the prison van Gould smoked a pipo and smiled, peeming to regard tho sentence as a funny experience. Awaiting tho van he was herded In with thn others who were to help make up the load, whlc'i included a couple oi chaiiffeuis, who .ilso h ill run afoul ot tiaflle regula tions, and ricciwd sntincrs ni tines ihev Weie unable to pav found and tha two men weie rescued only lo be plated uii'h i uii"st whin they got ashore when it was found that the Bijou was a hooch carrier. Tho Coast Guard men got tho launch off thn sandbar and towed It Into Freeport Harbor. Tho news was telephoned to tho Custom Houso In this city and inspectors were sent lo Freeport to take possession of 11 and bring to New Vork I In prisoncis. the launch and the wlil kiy

CAR GIVEN AWAY FREE

SENATOR WHO IS TOLD HE MUST RELINQUISH PARTY LEADERSHIP BL H HENRY CABOT LODGE UNLESS HE QUITS McCormick Hint in Letter to Senator Serious Policy of Progressives. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (Copy right). Tho political pot of troui.1'3 is boiling. There's a good deal going on beneath tho surfaco to indicate that tho results of last week's elec tlon havo been seriously taken to heart here. Some of tho disturbance, however, bears a lelatlonshlp to 192 1 and would havo como irrespective of tho way elections turned. Senator Mcdlll McCormick or Illi nois, It develops, didn't intend ins letter to Senator Lodge, about tho ab olition of tlio seniority rule on com mittee chairmanships, to bo icsariled as n casual pleto of academic politics. He meant It concretely; McCormlck's letter was a symptom of revolt. Be ing a mild mannered man and a diplomat, tho Illinois Senator broke the news gently to the senior Senator from Massachusetts, but the real truth Is, dissatisfaction with Mt Lodge's leadership has been grow inl and the so-called progressiva gmiil' of Senators from I he Wist have In come restive. Mr. McCormick is trying to suggest a graceful way of choosing a new leader In tho Senate. Ho usks that all committee chairmanships bo revised and subject to election by members, Irrespective of seniority or length of service, but what ho really hones I that tho entire leadership of tho Sen ate, Including that of Mr. Lodge, of the Republican Party will be chung'd Mr: McCormick pieiers evolution to revolution. In ninny a trying situa tion ho has endeavored to act as me diator between tho Western BopiibM cans and tho Easterners. Ho antici pates rovolt. To get a clearer idea of what Mr. McCormick is driving at (Continued on Second Page.) KIPLING IN HOSPITAL, MAY BE OPERATED ON LONDON, NtA. li.Tho Daily Tele graph nnnouiicea this morning tha' Rudyard Kipling, tho nrltlnh novelist. Is 111 In a prlvato hospital and that It may bo neccsswy for him to under go a somewhat serious operation. Trrrc world thavkl, nimn.tTT. Arcade, Pulitzer (World) Building. 53-83 Pjflt Row. N. Y. City. Telephone Ueekmaa 4000. Check room for basrajo and parcel cptn day and nlaht. Money oidcn end travellers' check (or aale. Adrt.

SMOKED OUT BY FACTORY BLAZE Invalid Carried to Street From Top Floor of Annex. SPARKS BRING CROWDS Red Cross Meeting Forced by Dense Smoke to Adjourn. Smoke from a firo In a loft building next door drove guests from tho Hotel Brcslln Annex, No. 14 West 20th Street, Just beforo last midnight. One of tho guests, Mrs. O. D. Drcyfuss of Tennessee, nn Invalid, was carried to tlio street from her apartment on tho top floor of tho Annex. When Mclvillo Hill, assistant man ager of tho hotel, reached tho Annex, with other employees, the rooms nnd halls were filled with smoke. Twenty four of tho guests wero taken quickly to tho street. With Mrs. Drcyfuss was a nurso and companion, Miss K. J. Rudolph, who remained with her until Hill and tho other employees had carried Mrs. Drcyfuss to tho Hotel Brcslln nnd mado her comfortable. Tho Annox was uninhabitable for some time. A meeting of Bed Cross organizers was in session on the first floor of the Annex when tho tiro started. Smo'.;o quickly caused its adjournment. Tho flro was In the live-story loft building at No. IS West 29th Street, and was tho latest of four during tho evening between 21st nnd 29th Streets and Fifth and Seventh Avenues. It started In tho boiler room and made swift headway. Beforo tho blaze nct door to the Brcslln many of tlio engines and t nicks had been concentrated at Nos. 154-150 West 2"th Sticet, fighting a $100,000 firo in a seven-story loft building. Sparks and smoko drifted as far north as 31th Street and at tracted thousands from tho hotel and thcatro districts. Just after this fire started an alarm from No. 9 West 21st Street called two companies, headed by Chief "Smoky Joo" Martin. The firemen found u blaze In u four-story building occupied by manufacturing concerns. The flames wero extinguished without much loss. Earlier in tho evening slight damage was dono by flro at No. 47 West 27th Street In a building occupied by tho Premier Garment Company. TEACHER DIES IN FALL ON HOT CURLING IRON klllril Wlirn llrr llrnil strlkra I III IHiy iill. A I. ill on a hot curling lion o-du caused the death of Miss Mary .les sich, twenty. six, a teacher at Public School No. 3, Klizabcth, N. J., whlli sho was preparing to go to classes. Misa Jcssich had been Hi wtlh dUzy spell". After breakfast sho went to lici bedioom lo arrange her hair an" tell. A curling iron was In her ban I when her mothor found her uml i wound was on her forehead. Dr. .lo--eph Funk expressed tho belief Unit she had struck tho hot iron and ic ceived u fatal injury from It. MARLBORO RESULTS CLOUDY AND FAST. FIB ST RACE Five furlongs. Tin Girl (Woodstock), ?2.G0. i'2 M mid $- I", fust. iuilina (Organ), (2 .'in an I t: ,11 e ond h May (Walls), $ In. ilurl Turn . 1 3 4-5. All started MJ'DND HACK Five and hi hali lurlongs. (ins Wcheer (Jolloy). $0 90, tt.an and : 90. first. Uncart (Schwartz), ?0 and $4 '0, Si e, aid St . mici (Mahoney). 00. third 1 mi . 1 10 3-5. All started

"Circulation Books Open 15, 1922. - - f 1922 SANTA GLAUS LBE IS Importation of Toys, Re vised Last Year, Killed by New Tariff. $7,000,000 TRADE GONE. Factories on Part Time Abroad buJJ3ooming Here, Report Shows. WASHINGTON, Nov. 15. The $7,000,000 nerman toy importation bus'incsH of pre-wnr days has com pletely collapsed and In Its place American mapufacturers have bullded a hugli new Industry. This was re vealed In llgurcs of prc-Christmas toy business furnished by the Department of Commerce hero to-day which con tradicts statements from Germany that the toy business Is booming. Tho figures showed: Importation of Gernun ,(.oyn this year will bo practically negligible. Tho high cost of manufacturing in Germany will permit American toy manufacturers to export some of their products an undi earned of reality In tlio days before tho war. Thn situation will result in an ex tieme cliuns" in toy styles, American dealers offering radio outfits, con struction sets nnd educational toys In the place of tho old tin soldier and rag doll. Tho German toy Imports wero vir tually eliminated by the war, but the 70 per cent, ad valorem tax fixed by the McCtimber tariff bill and the scarcity of raw materials In Germany have added the finishing blow. Commerce rcpoits showed Ameri can orders in Germany have iccently been cancelled In cnoimous lots, and Germany has lost tho advantage that it held In 1921 when $1,861,000 worth of Christmas toys wero Im ported. The Gorman doll ccntio at Thurin gia, the Santa Claus shop for nie- balneal and metal toys In Havana nnd the wooden and paper niacin; toy mccca in Saxony havo suffered se verely. More thun hnlf tho production of tlicso centres formerly was export ed, hut tho munufneturers can no longer meet Amcrlcun prices. American manufacturers who saw possibilities of Iho war and were cn coiiinged when German prices wen iliioted .100 to fiOO per cent. Inghei Hum last spring, ale fully capable m supplying the now demand and wi come the transformation from n ict man to an American Santa ('Ian, tin depaitment says.

Cop Who Found Her Sent to Death Of Little Foundling No. 26,347 Three Year Old Girl, Abandoned in Hallway When Few Days Old, Killed Under Piano. On tho books ot tho Now York Foundling Aslylum, whon ho gets around to it Bomo tlmo today or tomorrow, a busy clerk will mako an entry that will show "Thloma. No. 26317," Is dead. Except for a wooden slab that will mark a small grave in tho cemetery whero foundling rhlldron aro hurled. It will close tho lifo history of a protty girl, thrco years old. Tin co years ago, a policeman hcaid

a i rv in (i hallway on the upper liu.-l side. In a blanket he found a baby a few days old. Thorn wna a note pinned to tho bundlo which tcad: "liease tnko caro ot my baby. Hor namo Is Tluima." Tho policeman carried tho infant to tho Station, where tlio lleutannnt gave him tho usunl laugli that goes to the pollt rmnn who tiu'W a foundllnu

SPECIAL PRIZE FOR THIS WEEK "WHAT DID YOU SEE TO-DAY?"

entered trn S-onil-CIn Matter rot Office, New Vork. N. V.

DETECTIVES VISIT SCENE OF MURDER: ARE CONFIDENT

MULE WOMAN TELLS TRUTH

Moolight Test Convinces Them She Could Have Seen Woman Bending Over Body Be neath Tree Tally Other Vivid Assertions of Star Hall-Mills Murder Witness. m r

(Special From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.. Nov. IB. Tho moon was practically in tlu namo quarter last night nnd tho night beforo na that in which was tha night ot Sopt. 14 wlion tho Rev. Mr. Hall and Mrs. Mills wcra dono to doath in tholr lovers' hiding place under tho crabapplo troo on tho Phillips farm.

JUDGE DECLARES Mclntyre Threatens to Dis miss Indictments Unless Tried in 60 Days. Nicky Arnsteln, tho most consplc lous figuro In tho Investigation of tho $5,000,000 robberies committed by Wall Street messenger boys In 1919, wns discharged from his $25,000 ball to-day and set free on his own rccog nlzanco by Judgo Mclntyre In Gen eral Sessions. "Tho hnndllng of this case," said Judgo Mclntyre, "stands as a dis grace to tho courts of, this county. It should havo been tried long ago. 1 havo mado up my mind what to do about It, ns a caso which has at tained such unfavorable notoriety as lins never been equalled In this county. "It this defendant is not brought to trial within sixty das I shall grant a motion to dismiss tlio tluce Indictments which havo been standing against him sinco March 30, 1920." Kuge.no McGco of counsel for Arn steln argued tho motion to dlschargo the ball and dismiss tho Indictments. Ho reminded tho court that after somo of tho messenger boys had t sti fled beforo tho Grand Jury th.it they had turned over stolen secunties to AiiiHtcin, tho Indictments wero found Tlietc was a farcical search for (Continued on Second Page.) Then the matron dug out a nursln, bottle, heated some milk nnd the cop with the Infant boarded a Thud Avenue car for UolWmic. A irowd of late travellers looked him oor and ho got another laugh. At tho hospital thcro had been had been many foundlings that month It uas a tlmo when emotions (Continued on Second Page.)

Weather FAIR AND COOLER.

PRICE THREE CENTS ' Night beforo last detectives under tho direction ot Special Prosecutor Mott nnd Prosecutor Azarlah Beck man spent tho -wholo night at tha Phillips farm, -with tho sworn statu ment of airs. Jano Gibson which has not been published as tlnj guide of their movements. Thoy returned yea. terday and reported tholr oplnlon-ot Mrs. Gibson's story of having seun Mrs. Hall mourning ovor her husband'- body at half past 12 o'clock In tlio morning, two hours after Mrs. Gibson had heard tho shots which killed him and Mis. Mills. The detectives reported their cr tnlnty that Mrs. Gibson's weird story was nothing moro or less than the ex. act truth. It was easier to believe her narrative, they said, than to bi Hcvo that anybody, oven a tralnsd fiction wrltor, could havo fabricated tho details of tho story and made It tit as uncannily as It does with almost trivial details as to tlio lay of tre land, tho conditions of the paths ijnd tho stnto of tho shrubbery. ; I'urtheiiiiine, (hu stars weio over cast night beforo last by light clouds tho sky wua perfectly eclar, accord ing to tho Stnto Agricultural Station here, Sept. 14, and shooting stars wero seen by somo of the persons In tho Phillips fuim neighborhood and visibility was lower tliun on tho murder night. But tho detectives, standing where Mrs. Gibson said she stood, found they would have had no difficulty in recognizing u woman bending over a body lying beside the crabapplo tree. EVENING WORLD REPORTER GOES OVER SCENE. Last night an Evening World re porter, hearing of tho official test, went over tho ground for his own satisfaction. Ho started where Mrs. Gibson said siio started on her Jenny muio on her second trip to tho mur der scene not along Hamilton Road and Do Itusscy I-ano, but across ot to Do nussey Lano across the Fraloj farm. Crossing Do Russey Lane above tho upper road leading from tho lane to tho farmhouse, ho found himself screened from tho lower part of the Phillips farm by the twenty-foot high shrubbery which grows along both sides of this upper cntranco road. In tho sworn statement Mrs. Gib. son says that sho had gono about 173 feet Into tho Phillips faim above and parallel to tho upper cntranco road when tho camo to a dwarf cedar about six feet high. The reporter measured off 175 feel and found the cedar buih within i feet of him. Hero, according to Mrs. Gibson, slit dismounted from Jenny and threw thj reim over tho cedar bush. Afraid thai becauso of tho dry weather tho roots ol tho bush might bo looso and Jennj might pull away from tho hitch, Mrs (lilison said sho tested tho strength ol tlio loots anil found them firm. Step' ping back fiom this pull, she said bin tripped backward on a small stumi and fell. Sho was frightened, she said, for fear that If thcro were anybody ol tho sceno of tho earlier shooting, thej would hear hor fall; so sho lay still fo) a moment listening but heard nothing) The itump wai there. It li le than a foot in heluht and


=== The Evening World (New York), 1922-12-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00200294130/1922121501/0901.xml ===

r U. S. TO CANCEL INTEREST ON ALLIES' DEB To-Nlght'a Weather FAIR, COLDER. To. Morrow's Weather FAI ft. jeUZAUM EDITION "Circulation Books Open to AIL" " Circulation Books Open to All VOL. LXIII. NO. 22,231 DAILY. Cepyrltbt ink World) rren Jrubltaalai1 Gompea, IStt, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1922. Itnlrrrd na 8-end-rla. Matter Iet Otflcf, New Yark, N. T. PRICE THREE CFSTS

Bodies of Both Victims Bad ly Burned and Brutally Slashed With Knife. SLAYER FIRES HOUSE. No One Heard Anything to Indicate Struggle Had Taken Place. The pollco aro looking for Domlnicl: Cataldo, a window cleaner In the cm ploy of tha D. R. T.. whose wtfo, Anna, thirty-fHc, anil their adopted ton, Fred, used acvou, were brutally murdered nomo tlmo last night In tho kitchen of thctr apartment. No. iSU Btllwell Avenue, Coney Island, and their clothing net allro in un attcmpr 'to hide tho evidence of tho crime. Tho woman's forehead on the right sido Had been crushed' by a heavy instrument, her cyo blackened, and her throat savagely cut In such a manner as to sever tho jugular vein and tho carotid artery. Tho boy's throat was cut so that the larynx was severed. No ono has been found who heard any disturbance in tho fiat, and Dr. Ernest M. Vaughn of tho District Attorneys oUlco c.-

mftl presses the belief that

tho murder occurred about tho timo that mother and son completed their evening meal, owing to particles of food being found in tlio boy's throat. Other tenants of tho liouso retire at 7 and S o'clock, all of them being rarly risers anil living a long way .irorn their employment. Mrs. Fred crick Bartoll, living lu tho adjoining flat to that whero tho murders were committed, told Assistant District Attorney Selvaggl of Brooklyn that tine was awakened about 3 o'clock this morning by a coughing spell prodnecd by llio bmcll of smoke. tiho awakened her husband who traced thu smoUo to tho door of tho Cutaldo flat. Ho aroused Giovanni Carogano, tho landlord, and both ef fected an cntrajico throuch a sldo door. They found tho room they en tered stuffy and tho windows closed tight. Opening tho window they wont to tho kitchen and thero found tho two bodies' on tho floor, with tiny flames shooting from their clothing. An alarm of llro waa turned In und tho pollco notified. Assistant District Attorney Solvaggl hurried to tho house and learned that tho woman bad cloprd about a. year ngo with a barber and had gono to California, taking J75& out of tho Hunk, representing tho ravings of hcr ttclf and husband: that she had re turned und had patched up matters Wlth tho hubband, alter wlileii tney W,vent to llvo at tho Coney Island ad dress. This was the theory, the As sistant District Attorney said, told by Nicholas Larufa, No. 0021 New Utrecht Avenue, a nephew of tho murdered woman. The couplo had been married eleven cara and having no children of their own, adopted four yeats ago tho little fellow who shared tho fato of his adopted mother. Ho remained with Domlnlck when the v.oman went to

VAj Mr. Solvuggi said that Landlord

Carogano, ho Is u baker, told him that a young man had been a visitor at the, homo In tho absence of tho '(Continued on Second Pago.) TUB WOULD TIIAVEI nuniSATt Arcade. PullUer (World) Uulldlnc. 83-3 I'ark Itow, N. Y. City, Telephone Ueekman 4000. Check room (or bacsaga and parcel! open day and -dent, aloney orders and travellers' checka (or cala. Advt. c I Real Estate Advertisements for Tho Sunday World Muit Be in The World Office To-Day Before 6 P. M. To !nur proper claiilflcatton

and Her Adopted Son,

I HIS $3,500 CHECK BAD, EVEN POLICE E "Hall of Harvard" Beards Detective "Line-Op" Cool and Haughty. Before tho hardest-boiled audience In the world the detectives assembled for tho "llno-up" at Pollco Headquar tersa person calling himself Walter Hall aroused reluctant admiration to day. Mr, Hall, leaning on a cano that might havo been a Zulu chief's war club, had a raincoat draped over his alender form and a heavy fur overcoat hung on his arm. In delicate accents he asserted that It was "an outrage to subject any gentleman to such a gro tesque ordeal." Dotoctlves Fitzslmmons and Love said that when they called on Mr. Hall at No, 683 West 177th Street and told him ho waa wanted for obtaining a quantity of Jewelry from John Pyms of No. 52 Fifth Avenuo with a bad check for J3.600 ho greeted them haughtily and said, "Ceoso to annoy me; 1 shall merely glvo you another eneck, but becamo utmost hysterical when they Insisted on taking him to Police Headquarters. Mr. Hall said that ho was tho editor of several publications devoted to tho sports of tho wealthy and had a "little place on Long Island." Ho was a Harvard graduato of 1905, ho said and had amused himself "as an In structor" in Latin at Harvard for sc- cral years after his graduation. Out of cruel curiosity ono of tho detcc Uvea communicated with a friend with access to a collection of Harvard catalogues and thero was no mention in them of a Walter Hall In the year he mentioned. Mr. Pyms said that Nov. 13 an ex qulsltcly dressed person appeared at tbo store and demanded speech with the proprietor. "No more salesperson will do." ho told tho first clerk who approached him. The dapper catlor Introduced himself as John Rutting, personal and private and confidential secretary or Mr. Walter Hall, a 'very Important man," .Mr. Hall, ho said had lost a cuff link and wanted a new pair at onco. In his anxiety and rugcrness, Mr. Pyms seems to ro member, tho messenger referred to them as a "pair of golf links," but the slip didn't appear Important to him at tho tlmo. Mr. Pyms sent Mr. Itufllng away with a pair of platinum cuff links worth about J100, taklpu a scrib bled memorandum. Five minutes later appeared Mr. Hall. "What do you mean," Mr. Pyms said Mr. Hall exclaimed, "by sending mo cheap pinchbeck Jewelry liko thin. (Continued on Second Page.) THREE IRISH GARRISONS TAKEN BY INSURGENTS Thnmaitown Ilnrracka Unrnedl Machine (.una Vard at Callan. DUBLIN, Dec. 15 (Associated Press) Tho Free Stato garrisons In Callan, Thomastown, and Mulllnavat, In South ern County Kilkenny, aro reported to havo been overpoweied and captured by Irregular?. Tho Thomastown barracks were bunted. Largo bodies of men are said to havo participated in the attack upon Callan. Machine Buns wero used lu this fight, but no casualties aro re. ported. People arriving lu the City of Kil kenny from various parts of the county report that thero was widespread ac tivity among the Irregulars last night. Tho roads have been blocked and the present position Is uncertain. FP.ANCB EXPECTS TO It.VTIirV NATAL TUBATY SOOX. PARIS. Dee. 15. The Washington Naval Limitations Pact will be sub- mltted to the Chamber of Deputies for ratification at the January session, M. ItiUtLtrUt MteliJcx e Maila announced.

HERE IS WARNED IN LETTER 10 QUIT U. S. Mysterious Signer Holds D. McGrath Responsible for Rory O'Connor's Execution. WON'T TELL CONTENTS Free State Former Represen tative Silent When Asked About Death Threat. (Associated Press.) Daniel J. McGrath, formerly Dall Eireann consul to tho United States, to-day waa warned to lcavo this country beforo tho morning of Dec. 26 by a mysterious letter writer who signed himself "Authority. Irish He publican Army." Mr. McGrath refused to comment on tho warning, but admitted that the letter iicld him responsible for the executions last Friday of Rory O'Con nor and thrco other Irish Republican Army officers. Ho refused to give out a copy of the letter, and would not stato whether It contained a threat of death if he did not comply with Its demand. Tho letter waa addressed to "Honor able James McGrath, Irish Consul." It was typewritten on a plnln sheet of foolscap, and was rather long. Tho postmark on tho envelope showed It bad been mailed at tho Grand Central station at 6 P. M., December H There were no marks on it to identify tho writer. 'I am not James McGrath," Mr. McGrath bald, "and I am not now the consul. I resigned tho office tho day Rory O'Connor and tho other Irish Republican officers were executed. I resigned by cable, tho resignation to take effect Immediately upon Its re celpt." .. Mr. McGrath would not say to whom ho sent his resignation, or why ho gave up tho office Just after tho announcement of the executions. His onlj comment on tho letter van to say ho had "already taken steps.' What, tho bteps wcro ho declined to jtatc. Mr, McGrath succeeded Joseph Connolly as consul on Nov. 2G, 1922 Up to that tlmo ho had been vice consul, Mr. Connolly resigned as a protest against government measures In Ireland at that time and Mr. Mc Grath, who waa In ohargo of the Irish-American t 'number of Trade, was appointed without going to Ireland. Tho chansi; In officials fol lowed tlio execution of Ersklnu Chlldcrs in Dublin on Nov. si. Tho writer of tho letter warning McGrath to lcavo the country np parcntly did not bellevo In secret diplomacy, for tho following letter waa received by the Associated Press shortly after McGrath received his: "Gentlemen. Tills morning wo have Issued our demand to Mr. James McGrath of tho Irish Consulate, at No. 119 Nassau Street of this city, to leave thlu country beforo tho morn ing of tho 2Cth day of thi" month. "Holding lilm morally responsible for tho execution of the four Irish Republican Army officers recently dono to death by tho agents of tho Crown tho so-called Free Stato Gov ernment of Ireland. Trusting that wi are not Inconvenient ing you or your staff, wo beg to remain, "Competent military authority, "Irish Republican Army." uamc ni'.wun noiinisii oi" to,, ho nv snvnv mi: IX AUTO. I'HILADULPHIA. Dec. 15. Seven men In an nutomobllu leld up Harry McKcc. a runner of the First National Bank of Darby, to-day and robbed him of J10.800 ho was taking aa payroll monuy to a soap factory. One of tho robbers fired a nvolver und flying glai from the windshield of tho car in which McKeo was riding cut his check. The seven escaped. SEX.VTU rOMMITTHH IMII'OllTS F.VIIM CltniMTS Illl. I WASHINGTON. Doe. 13. Thn bill of Senator Norrls, llopubllriin. Nebraska to establlnh a I100,0lo,0uu Oovprnment corporation to finance tale of arli-ul tural produrU was ordered reported probably to-day, by the tnate Agrlcuj. ture committee, .

OF STATE DRY LAW "Out-and-Out Shakedowns,' Says Magistrate in Case Before Him. OFFICER NOT IN COURT Subpoenas Issued to Com pel Policeman to Be at Hear ing Adjourned to Dec. 20. Nine-tenths of tho arrests made by policemen of this city for violations of the Stato Prohibition Law aro for the purpose of graft and aro out-and-out shako-downs, Magistrate Joseph l'. Corrlgan, sitting In Yorkvlllo Court, charged to-day In a bitter arraign ment of methods employed by tho Polico Department In enforcing tho Mullan-Gago law. Tho Magistrate made his declaration In tha courso of the arraignment of two employees of restaurants In whoso establishments pollco declared they found liquor. In hlu forceful arraignment of po llco methods, Maglstrato Corrlgan In timated that tho enforcement of tho Mullan-Gago law In New York ts a farce. Ho said methods used by the police aro ridiculous, and that moro concluslvo evidence than had been ad duced In tho cases beforo him would havo to be presented before ho would convict. HIb denunciation was prompted by tho arraignment of Edward McGann, forty-two, of No. 153 East 33d Street, a waltor lu a restaurant at No. 012 Second Avenue, and Louis' Iaconetll, employed In a restaurant at No. 603 First Avenuo, both of whoso places wcro searched on evidence gathered by Policeman John J. Casey, who procured search warrnnui from Su premo Court Justice Gcorgo V. Mullan. When McGann's caso was called Policeman John Madden of Hcad ;uartcrn Division appeared against him. Ho told tho court that Police man Casey obtained tho evidence and had procured a sjcarch warrant from Justlco Mullan, utter which McGann's placo was searched and a quart bottle of whiskey found. "Well, whero Is Officer Casey?" asked Maglstrato Corrlgan. "Ho la not In court," replied fll 1 den. , "Now that's Just it." tho Magls trato blurted out. "This sort of btull Is ridiculous. I refused to do any thing In this care until Policeman Casey comes hero and ttlla hlj t,ldc of tho story. Nino-tenths of these cases aro merely for tho purpo.,o ut graft and tiro out-and-out uhaku downs." Tho court went on lu that tln to a ccuisidorablo extent and then wanted to know why Casey didn't ar- ri-st McGann immediately after ho served u drink to hlni. aa tho officer charged, instead of presenting an af fidavit for a search warrant. Madden wa3 unable to answer this. Then Louis Iacoucttl waa calleJ. and the t,amo thing occurred again. The Magistrate adjourned both cases until Dec. 20 and Issued two tub poenas for tlio appearance of Casey on that day. "I don't caro how they are served." ho said. "They may be served to him personally, through hla Inspector or through Commissioner tnrlght, tor that matter, for all I caro. But have him horo on Dec 20." Two other cases, Identical with thoso of McGann and Iaconetll, camo up at tho afternoon session and wcro adjourned until tho same dato. They were of James O'lirlcn. a waiter, ar rested at No. 35S Third Avenue, and Salvatoro Grace!, No. 652 First Avo nuc, and both wcro arrested on in formation said to have been uncovered by Policeman Casey. "Has any ono hero seen Casey?" asked Assistant District Attorney Thomas Aurcllo. "Perhaps he's down In the Alcoholic Ward at IVUevuc," replied Maglstrato Corrlgan. irilAXCo-CAN-UIIA.X TIU2.1TY IS MftMSD IV I'AIIIS. PARIS. Dec. 15 (Associated Press).- Tlir H I'uiro-Cnnadlan coniiuurclul ucaiy was sltucu htru to-day,

Aged 7, Slain and Set

CITY TAKES OVER TWO FERRY LINES Atlantic and Hamilton Ave nue Boats to Be Operated by Municipality. FIVE-CENT FARE FIXED. Refusal of Company to Obey Orders Causes Can cellation of Permit. Commissioner Grover A. Whaten of tho Department of Plant and Struc tures announced to-day that at mid night on Saturday tho city would take over the Atlantic and Hamilton Av enuo ferries of tho Union Ferry Com pany and operate them as municipal ferry lines. In an announcement by the Commissioner ho gives 'as his reason the fact that tho lines thrco times huvc increased fascs and rales for traffic and have Ignored orders of the city to reduce them. Tbc bpcclltlc reason ascribed by the Coinmlbsloner lu a letter sent to the Union Ferry Company, tinder1 duto of Dec 1", Is that tho company refused to comply-with orders of the city re quiring the transfer of thu two ferry lines from their present terminal at tho foot of Whitehall Street to thn municipal ferry terminal at South Street, adjoining. Tho company would not sell their nlno boats to tho city at tho city's price, after an uppralsal had been made, so now Commissioner Whalen unnounccd that tho lines will bo run with other boat, and tho employees of tho ferry lino will bo taken Into city employ. Tho passenger faro will bo reduced to 0 cents and vchlclo rates will bo reduced to conform to the standard on municipal ferries. In his letter to the Union Ircrry Company, tho Commissioner bald: "I beg to acknowledge receipt of ndvlco from you that, you dcclino to comply with tho ordcro issued by me to you under dato of December , 1922, requiring tlio tranbfer of the operation of tho Atlantic Avenue and Hamilton Avenue ferries from tin' present terminal at tho foot of White hall Street, Manhattan, to the Muni cipal Ferry Terminal adjoining in South Street. "In view of this action on your part, thin Department will tako over thn operation of the Atlantic Avenuo and Hamilton Aicntm Terry Lines at 12.01 A. M. Sunday, Dec. 17, 1922. "Accordingly, tho rcvocablo permit iHHiied by mo to ynu undi r dato of March 17, 1922, for thn occupation by you of tho ferry terminal prnix-rtloa at tho foot of Atlantic Avenuo, und at tho foot of Hamilton Avcntii , Brooklyn, Is Ijeriby revoked and ron celkd, effcollo nt. midnight. Satur day, Dec. IC, 1922. "This Department, thinfoie, will tako posbesslon of thn.c properties at 12.01 A. M. Sunday, Dec. 17, P22." Tho municipalization of theso for rles was urged by ellc organizations of Brooklyn In April. 1918, and at a hearing beforo Alfred K, Smith, then President of tho Board of Aldermen, merchants, manufacturers and ical- dents complained of cxucvslvo fares and Inferior service. Fares wcro Inerca&cd twico after tills, and Brooklyn irsulcnt.s anil luinmerclal and manufucturlng In tiTPsta In Brooklyn and Manhattan, again complained of tho excessive (Continued on Second Page.) PRESIDENT HARDING TO BE EDITOR AGAIN JUST FOR ONE NIGHT .a Mrmlirr of Xntlnunl I'rraa Clul Ho Will AUrml Annual men tion anil Talk. Shop." WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. President Hurdlng will becomo KUItor Harding again forva brief period to-night. Ah editor of tho Star, of Marion, Ohio, tho President will attend tlio annual election of tho National PrenH Club hero, nnd will cast Iiim votu as a newspaper man. He will mix with tho men who write dally of events In tho Na tional Capital, dropping ht. man tle of uuthotily to talk for a bilv.

WAR DEBTS IF NATIONS DISARM

DETECTIVE PARKER FEARS SHOOTING T L Mohr Hurls Epithet at Vic tim's Daughter as Prose cution Nears Close. (Special From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) MT. HOLLY, N. J.. Dec 15. "If Hafry Mohr Is convicted nnd gotn a gun, there's going to bo a shooting In this court room." County Dctcctlvo Ellis II. Parker snld this to-day to an Evening World reporter hu tlio Drunen trial was ud Journcd for an hour's noon recess. The statement followed a demon stration hy Mohr an he was leaving tho court room for tho Jail, hand cuffed to a Deputy Sheriff. Just as Mohr p.isi-cd the end of his counsel's tnhlo he came ffu-e to face with Hazel Hrunen, daughter of tho murdered showman. Sho had arisen from n bench, whero fhe had been til ling boBldc Charles Powell, tho con fessed slayer of her father. As she adjusted u hit of fur nboiit her nic', Mohr leaned toward her and (lung at her an epithet. .The girl recoiled at tho coarsen '.'si of It and tho Deputy Sheriff Instantly clapped his hand over Mohr's mouth and hustled hlni toward the door lead. Ing to the Jail yard. Detective Paiker f-aid that lrom what ho had lenrned of Mohr, he was determined that all pieraiitlonx should ba taken to prevent any demonstra tion on tho prlHoner'j part nt the close of the case. The imirt room lh filled with court nflicers, p-inil.two Stato Pollen, their rrolvrrn ut their hips, aro always on duly at tlio door. Detective Parker, who went on tho stand nt tho end of thu recess, waa C'mtlnucd on Sreond Page ) Two Others in M u liine Seri ously Injured Both Are Put Under Arrest. One man was killed inMjetli and two others aro seriously Injured In Grecnpolnt Hospital, ono of whom probably will die, , the result of having crushed Into tho wall of a garage nt Oak and Franklin Streets, Williamsburg, while speeding at 6 o'clock this inc-rnlng In tin autumobtlo which had been stolon from a garage at Roebllng and South Llghth Streets, Williamsburg, lai,t night. Tho two survivors were placed under arrest on a chargo of grand lorconv. Ltttlo light was thrown upon the theft of tho machine hecauso of the condition of tho two surviving men. They wcro extricated from tho over turned car unconbclou.'i, and wcro re vived sufllclciitly to givu their nauioa nnd that of tho dead man. The latter waa Michael F. Whalen, thirty-two, No. 110 lledford Avonuo Williamsburg, and his companions woro Arthur Clark, forty-threo. of No. 07 North 10th Street, and John Parrclly, twenty-three, ff No. 121 (Continued on Second Pago.) HV. Mrn'ii Wlhtrr Ourrmil A: .Suit, Tho ll'JII ClvOTIUNU .'nUVUIl. HloadMoy, o.r. llurclav at. oiri Vo!wui!!i IHdu.). will ell to-day and Saturday cir . , Men'a and Yuune Men'a Winter 0en..uia i - t t In thu baton's newest khadea of !lu a. bi im. h r rluc"nneit and huMlirr miituitM. aiiifflo ut.d daiibio brtaettd modrla. all nut a Bold di- where at Our Hixvlal fncta fur to-day and Saturday, and i3uU uimi rut urday nliht till In I1U1I C1.0 1 Ml r.r.- Uioailway, curccr butclay tJtrtil, Aan,

ONE MAN IS KILLED

Temporary or Permanent Cancellation Would

Depend on Europe's Making a Real Effort to Pay Principal, $10,000,000,000, and Firsts Evidence Would Be to Cut Armies.

First Step Proposed Is Reduction of Repara-; tions to 500,000,000 a Year, With Total of $12,000,000,000 international Loan to Gerr many to Enable Her Rehabilitation. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON. Dec. 15 (Copyright). America may be willing to forego the interest on the war debts ot thoso countrlca In Europo which aro unablo to pay for several years to come. The principal wilt not t cancelled or reduced. This contribution to tbo stabilization ot tho world's oeonomlp crjtU In under consideration, but It will bo ijono only If European Governments purstio a policy which this Government believes will accomplish tbo desired rendjusttneut In Europe. Tho stops In tho order In which they should bs takon arj these: "Pirst -All thn cowers nlimild nrh

INET T EUROPE'S TANGLE Imminent Break of England and France Discussed Get German Views. WASHINGTON. Dec. 16 (Associ ated Press). Tho Kuporcan repara tions tangle, which is threatening a break between Great Britain and France, la understood to havo been' discussed by President Harding and I1I.1 Cabinet to-day at a meeting which lasted moro than two hours. It was Indicated afterward that there had lieen no final decision as to tho policy of this Government towanl tin- prrtcnt dlftlcultlcs. Thero were evidences, howover, that tho Admin istration was preparing to avail Itself of all pnssiblo Information on tho sub ject, with a view to determining whether It could bo of servlco In any practicable way In bringing about an adjustment. One of tho questions touched on In thn Cabinet dlbcuubiou waa said to have been the proposal for an Interna tional loan to permit Germany to sta bilize her finances, reported in ufflc'al advices to the Amnrlcnn Government .is on tho verso of a collapse. It was deel.iKil, however, that no concrete proposal for such a loan had come to thn attention of tho Washington Govern ment. The President and his official family had before them, In addition to In formation which has como to tho Gov ernment through official American Homers, a picture of Germany's flnanrlal troubles as given by tho Gorman Ambassador. Dr. Otto Wlcd- feldt, in a long conference earlier In tho day with Secretary Hughes. HARVEY COMING HOME FOR CONSULTATION American Umhnaay Announce .'.ui liaaaador Una Ileen Sent For. LONDON. Dec. 15 (Associated Press). George Harvey, tho Ameri can Ambassador, has been called homo for consultation, It was stated at tho American Embassy this after noon. Tho Ambassador will sail on tho P.ercngarla Dec. S3. lie will not be accompanied by Mrs. Harvey, who will leave tho preceding day for a visit to Madeira. WASHINGTON. Dec. 13 (Associ ated Press). State Department offi cials confirmed to-day tho London an nouncement that Ambassador Harvey had been called homo "for consulta tion," but declined to make any ex planation as to the specific questions Seeretaiy Hughes desired to discuss with him. ...... .

at once a dcftnlto agreement as to the amount of reparations Germany should puy annually. America's economic ex perts bellevo 50O,O00,OO0 la tho limit of Germany's ability and that ap proximately twelve billions Is the total sum tht Germany can and should be made to pay. Franco should bo will ing to ogrco to renounce her claim to any sum above that. Bccond Onco tho reparation sum la flxec the world will bo ready to con sider an International loan, such as was proposed by tho International Bankers' Commlttco meeting a year ago, which J. P. Morgan and other financiers attended. This loan would not necessarily require tha guarantee of Governments but would need tho assent ot the Allied Powers to regard It hs n prior lien on Gcruluuy's asaeta. Third Such 11 1 0:111 would assist Germany In thn purchase of food stuffs and would tend to rabe tho value of the German mark and thus keep German capital to Germany for helf-dovelopment instead of outside Germany In the investment markets of the world. Tho United States Gov ernment wouldn't subscrlbo t th loan, but tho American Investor would havo tho tamo opportunity to buy tho reparation bonds at a good rate ot Interest as he has to buy other foreign hccurltlcs. The value ot such a loan, however, would be enhanced through tho moral support of Amer lea and particularly through such contribution ua tho United States may mako to tho casing of Europe's bur dens through tho postponement or cancellation of Interest on the Allied war debt. Fourth Cancellation of the Interest would never bo proposed without somothlng In return, namely, assur ances that lSurope would make a real effort to pay the principal of the ten billion dollar war debt, and the only as&urance which would be convincing hero would be a reduction of laud armament. The American Govern ment cannot Ignore the fact that there aro from threo to four million under arms on the continent of Europe, and that S5 per cent, are troops of the Allied powers Reduction of Ia.iij armament means more money avail able for productive purposes and more for the meeting of payments on the principal of tho war debt. As for cancellation of the principal, no doubt exists here that a steady propaganda has been conducted by Europeans to Impress America with tho need for remitting tho allied debt, as a means ot adjusting the reparation problem. But tha matter of reparations and the war debt of tho Allies itro to bo treated separate ly und tho American Government hopes that Europe by this tlmo la rid of tho illusion ot cancellation. American sentiment, It Is pointed out by officials, would uot permit It and the most that can bo foreseen Is a willingness on tho part ot tha pcoplo to contlnuo to forego the In terest as they have been doing nines tho armlstlco. Some ot the nations of Europe ono or two of tho smaller ones particularly can In a tew years begin paying their Interest and prin cipal. Some cannot. No general rule can be established for ail as local situations la oU

L J 1 (j
