THE EVENING WORLD (New York, N.Y.) — Selected Pages, 1921

Source: Library of Congress, Chronicling America / National Digital Newspaper Program bulk data (chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/), NYPL-digitized microfilm batches. LCCN sn83030193. OCR extracted from page-level ALTO XML with corpus/tools/alto-to-text.mjs (low-confidence and very short OCR blocks dropped; otherwise unedited). Each page below is a separate day's front page (p. 1) or an inside news page (p. 3), one issue picked from the middle of each month.

=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-01-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281536/1921011701/0548.xml ===

' " '.'i'l'Wff - 'i.'.y- '"y-""trf" 1 - . m .u 1 ...mih MAYOR AND ENRIGHT

BANDITS BEAT AND ROB PARK AVE.

TO-NIGHT'S Weather FAIR; COLD WAVE.

ETTHW WALL STREET mfii, EELEr EDITION

VOL. L2tl. NO. 21,639 BIDE DUDLEY

SHIPPING BOARD CHECKERS in nnii 1 m Tr finnn npTrn

. IN rKIYAIt YAnUo HtAltN, r

it UflTMCTC SAW AT Mn DV

mm na mam u mv n mm m m km m mm

H h in n bhs m emu Bans

iiiiiiluu . umi u mi inuuiiti mi

, , : J 1

Auditor Declares He Believed J One Man Was Murdered at f ' Crane Plant.

SHIPS CALLED MENACE. Congress Committee Told Lake Eagle Nearly Fell Apart When She Put to Sea. ssaults upon Shipping JJoard em ployees, ihe finding of the body of. one employee under circumstance rh-ch led tho witness to bellevo lie Sad been murdered, and tho sending of the btramer Iakc Kuglo to sea Alf r sin- had boon "repaired" at u privak sliipyard In such a condition ' hat nhi- was a, menace to huniau. life and ncarlv foil apart, wore among ! the allowed irregularities in private I shipping yards brousht out to-day when the Congressional Select Com mit toe resumed its hearings on Ship ping Hoard operations at the Hotel Pennsj Ivania. With Representative JostpU Walcli, who prosldt-U over t''c nectlns, wero Iloprcsehtatlvca Israel M. lm!or, Ilonry J. Steele and Tom Connall) . James L. LafTerty, a Shipping Board neld auditor who for two yean, was utat.oned at the Crauo Shipyards tn 'icck up the cot of repairs made on Jovcrmnent ships, tcstillcd that pii vato yards aro oharginir exorbitant rates lor Government work, lie ud mittd, hawovor, that but two coses jt alleged padded payrolls had come inder his pereonul observation In the aat two yenrai "Competition is a joke." said Laf rrty, who added that tho drydock men wcro in the habit of ccttlns to gether and "fixing things up." Oross auestioned on this point by Mr. Steele, Mr. Lafterty said that his opinion as o price-fixing and collusion anion: whipping men was based on hearsay and what ho had obucrved in connec tion with his work. Ono of tho greatost abuses, the wit Qcas declared, has developed from tlui changing of contracts after repair work had been started from lump sura con tract a to "time and material" con- (Continued on Kecond Page.) BARS ROLLING PIN TO CALM HUSBAND Chicago Professor Suggests Good Cooking and Kindness Instead of "Direct Action." CHICAGO, Jan, IT. Itolllng pins, rranitcwuro and cheap kitchen crock ery hi-ucefortli will bo used only for Hielr intended purposes, if Itobert U, tiault, Professor of I'sycholo of Northwestern University, has his way Th Profosfor proposes to be, under certain elrcumstoncos, tho friend of the iiarat.ed husband. "If nervous exhaustion superinduced by bumnc ss worries or other troubles nukes the husimnd Irrltablo." fay D; Jiiult, "tho wlff, instead of attempting ) cuia him by 'direct action,1 should i all .n ft norvo t-peLlallst, In other vordn iiIil should bo sympathetic. 'I'erhap.i indigestion hns contributed o the dciilirablo oonclltion, in whioli .-a tlio remedy Is simple: Mm. House .coper should jpoiul more tlmo on lior oklii?. When u husimnd naus and Is -rt'iIo out of puro.dVlHryi he should r dualt with whatever l band.'!.

lwrlsht, IfCil, Co. (The

BOLIVAR BROWN FULL OF ADVENTUPvE,

HARDING LIKELY TO CALL CONGRESS TO MEET APRIL 4 Ciuiniun Fordney of tue W.t. s anJ Means Committee An nounces the Date. WASHINGTON. Jan. 17 PKBSID)CNY-BIEX)T irAltU IN3 practically has decided to call a special session of the now Congress on April 4. members of tlte House, Ways and Moana Committee were .Informed to-day by Ohalrnrau I'ordncy, who Ii-lm just returned from Ms Hon. ' Mr. t'orduey discussed with the 1 I'resldent-clcet geneial taxation and tariff auestlons, which will ' bo among the moio important ' hUbjccts to come beforo the spe cial session of the new Congress. -MARION. O., Jan. 17. No date has yet been fixed by President elect Harding Tot the culling of a spccliil sftision of Congress, he said to-di. adding that the dato may not aet until nftr.r his in auffurat mi on March i. NO. 584, HEAVENLY, SPEED MARVEL, IS BREAKING RECORD Doing More Than 1,300 Miles a Second in a Getaway From tlte liarlh. CAMltlUDGH Mails.. .Ian. 17. TTIIK Nebula Drover No. SH In tho Constitution of Cctus has broken all known speed records of Uio heavens. 11 Is dashing through epace away from the earth at a velocity of almost 2,000 kilometres a sec ond, tho hlghqst speed evor at tained by a celestial o"Jcct. This was tho word received at tho Hnrvnrd College Observatory to-day from Dr. V. M. Scpher of tho Lowell Observatory, Flagstafr, Aria., in announcing the result of spectrograph observations there. REPORTS LANGDON'S WIFE A SUICIDE 'Father ot Naval Lieutenant Declares Son Was Nut Married. MANIUA, P. 1.. Jan. 17. Tl.e Iliis- f. In n wife of Naval Li out. Warren II. Lnmdmi. American officer killod by u .Tanancso sontry at Vl.idivosloU recent ly, ended her life upon learning of her hiiHb:iiid's death, according to a Hauler despatch from Vladivostok. . nOSTON. Jan. 17 William C lm,T don, father of I.leut. Warren II. Iitig don, U. S. N.. icouted Iho report to-ilny that hU Itiiiislan wlf had committed sulcldo after hln death. "My son mm not miriied; of that 1 am confident," lie ."aid. Ti Try Alli-Bi-'l Itniiilll inr lliirili-r. Anthony I'anlihvln ami l'V.ink liro. baccl wrrft arnviiitiiHl n ''liui?r. tif inirdfr in tlio llrt U,i,'ne lu-.l.o in iid Supn-ini Court, Kt. (iinr.r.i, ;(. 1. 'Hi' y pl.mdiM i.'t Rwillv inl trli! . t tot Jan. Ul. I'rohably (tiny wlii ntunj irl.il totfuthor. The innn .irn iicci'.m .i c( lif.v Ing btcu mumbir". n( n IiiiM-iij, li.-.nd tliut shol anil killed Walter Jacliownkl In Ilia lOiitntlHlit at 2856 lllchiuond Ter race.. Mfktjn.r.'s ;urbor. ,on Oct., iU.

"Circulation Books Open to All."-

l,y "lYc I'rw rubllllilni; ;ew York lluriuj. Woman Justice Declines to Kiss the Bridegroom 3 Mi 30 ALICE cj. O'NEILL... Speculation Nov Ended as to "Judge'' O'Neill's Action at First Wedding. (IRHENWIUH, Conn., Jan. 17. And did tho Justice of tho Pence Mra the brldcgroum? Nu. she didn't, for when the ceremony ndud tho bride groom, who, toy tho by, happened to bo a Southerner, clashed tho hand of thu first woman Justice ot the Peace of tills city and kissed It with grace and enthusiasm. And so tho llrst murrlago ceremony jim-formcd by Greenwich's llrst woman Justice unded. When Alice J. -O'Neill was elected Justice of tho Peace hero the village wags speculated on what would hap pen at tho conclusion of tho llrst ceremony. Past and present urccn wlch Justices liao kissed the brides. Kvcrybody wondered tf Miss O'Neill would kiss tho bridegrooms. Lata Saturday evening :t limousine enr rolled into town hunting for a minister. None could ho found, so Miss SiUllo George of Goggln Hill, Vu., suggested to XV. Ogden of Urookland, Md.. that they look for a Justice. Miss O'Neill was Kumiunnod, and sho war rlcd them In tho olllco of Judgo Goorgo G. McNnll. "I was wondetltig wlilcii ono I should klsa when Jlr. Ogden buttled the question for jiio by klsiring my hand." uaid Miss O'Neill. HARDING DECLINES EVEN CHARITY BALL Refines to Attend One Substituted for the Inaugural Affair. WASHl.NOTO.N. Jan. 17. PrfSidcnt e'.cit and Mrs. Harding have declined an invitation to uttend a charity ball to be held hero March 1 as a substitulu for the discarded Inaugural ball. Tho committee In ohargo unnounecd to-dny that Mr. Harding said ho could not wilh propriety attend a ball of any sort t the tlmo In viow of tho opinions hi) had already oppressed against hold ing nu Inuugurul ball. Tho churlty ball plan trill nut bo aUaiiiloncL Woman niul HoiiiiIit lli'iul I'roni (inn. Tho bodies nf .Mr.-. Yen. i l.ltzt-r. Knvoi.ty, and I.fri Wi liihra imiiKcr. fort i'-liiti , i hiiirilti. m iinuiii : i dny in Mi. 1,11. n'. c lil'i.l iwnl iii' nt il t.'i ,li CCfi-ioii Miit..., Hr.;uk:. n. Ni ' lihui. roporffa tl,ntfli..y liuU tiut !"Wi r",n ilnfu h.iturtl.i A llK.il III Ltlll KtU'tM'll U4IH III ill', I nli.

ammuSmmmXmM. BwmmWMm r i9MMmr M&mmt. xBMmmm

run num. i rit wi.i. iiuh.ai. Arxu.lt, I'.lLl lllir'J II. UlilU, .Vl-Ui r.A .V, I, V.ti. . kt'Simn.' Ilv.'iujii ilW, Chu rvKt t 3im iJuruM immu l'y UrlM - j ':

BOK STORY SINCE HUCK FINN

L S AT POLICE Troops in Armored Motor Cars Hurry to Scene and Rioters Take Flight. . GREAT RAID IN DUBLIN. Miles of Barbed W ire Strung in Effort to Trap Irish Leaders. CORK, Jan. 17. A pollco otntlon In th centre of the city was attacked by Sinn Folnera at 4 A. M. to-day. The attacking forcn tlirew tjbmbs and fired hundreds of shots, mostly from revolvers. After a light lasting half an, hour the pollen beat off the Sinn Pelfiei-iii' Armored motom filled with troops rushed to the uccne when the sound of firing and the drtouatlons of bom'bs were heard, but when Jhey arrived the Sinn Fclners ha.d already dis persed. DUB UN, Js-n. 17. Two lmporlarft Sinn 1'cln leaders wero tho great prize for which 1.000 nritinli soldiers sought to-day In a barricaded sec tion of Dublin. A houso to boue and room to room Bcarch wnn made of the mile square area, made man-tight by ml lea of bartcd wire. Six arrests bad been re ported early to-dny, but the two most sought had not been found. They wore Mlolinol Collins, Commander In Chief of the Republican Army and his assistant, Mulcaltty. There were reports the hunt wus on for "Presi dent" nauionn do Valexa, but reliable reports raid that official was not In tho city. The military took possession of tho market centre. Most of the resi dents wcro cut ofr from their fish and vegetable supplies. The only traffic permitted was of milk wagons. Tho soldiers wore fed rrom rolling kitchens. Within the barricade district also aro Uio courts. In ono of th,o Im portant oases against Irish prisoners wcro to bo heard to-dny. Humors wens that the raid was Intended In part to protect tho courts during iho trial. All Ireland outsidu of Dublin Is agitated with raids nud throats of rn.ldn. At Thurles 400 men and women wcro rounded up In a mid by Uio military. Tho prisoners wore dr'v-on to un open Held nc-ir the pollco bur nicks and compelled to stand while oinccrs read a proclamation of mar tial law. Thu iKtarws were threat ened r.'itli the severest penalties tf they failed to surrender arms or wcro found hai'borlng "rebels." Much ummuriUirm wui said to navo hreti found nt Lisnagry where nine rnuri and ono woman suiiptcis wers caplurt'd. PULLS OWN TOOTH; DIES OF POISONING i I Pittsburgh Laborer WWhed fo Avoid

! Dentist's Clviir Dociori' j l-fforts Fail. I'lTT.nT IfJII. .iri-i. 17. Micluiil S.h.iIU .11" I iron, .Dim! 1,'ihmrlng, a .il.'h 11.1 ill Ulti ." '.19 ll.Wi 'll'.IIO'f (U'.l UKli;. a truubln 'Oinu tu'itli. WUtilnjj tu nv'il.l in nr.pliaiuntiio.'.'i uf a dMlnt cirilr, htiituM ulitalrifl a iwilr uf nib rs, tn. .1 h front et a rnlr mr and pilllrrt tliw tulh nut I. II vas i.i:i"v.i.J t"VlPorail . uut I pobioalic soon ' ml ,i',i arl ufturu fit phjldins were lutfftcUt.. . . . w - . ' ... it

WHITMAN FORCES ASIDE NEW

RULE Wi $2,500 SHOTS AT L New York Central Officers Were Guarding ,$l2,onn in Toledo. TOIaSDO. O., Jan. 17. Three bandits killed Louis Schroefler and A. K. j-ions. Now Yurie Central rtall road deteotivea, and eacajxul with (12.000 here to-day. Schrocder and Long, In an automo bile, wcro talcing the money from the Union Station to a downtown bonk. One block from the station three youths In a machine locked wheels with their car nnd opened flro on botli guards. Schroeder and Long wero 'bot'h mortally wounded. The bandits seized. tho two money satchels and trped toward tho down town district. Two Mocku away Uiey oxclianged shots with Traffic Patrol man Wlllard. who failed to ttop them. The. bandit car, with bloodstains on Iho rear seat and punctured by four bullets' was found one hour later within a mllo of the sccno ot the shooting. ' Schroeder und Lung died within a few minutes after being uhoL WILSON APPOINTS LEAGUE DELEGATE First Since Senate Rejected Treaty Will Discuss Immi gration. WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.-Itowiand IJ, Mahany, solicitor of the Depart ment of ILlor, h'ao been appointed by Irealdcnt Wilson an Atucrlcun mro seirtatlvc on tho IntcrnaUona! Com mission of' Immigration to meet nt Oenevn, Switzerland, on a date to be llxod by the International linltor Otflco of the League of Nullum'. This la the llrst appointment thi Provident has made to any of tho bodies meeting wider the Ioaguo of NaUoiiB nlrjco tho ifrriutu dt'llnltcl and finally tefu-itHt to ratify thu Treaty of Versailles. I KigUtccu nations will tiiiin.part In the conference, tho (lmt f its kind nycr to tw hold. Bix of tlioi.i will send dolrguti's rvpfOHcntiru lnt.tjr, i repwientlng i-apltnl and s x ici.ii- -sontlna their Uovorwrri' ntn. riiiircliill ) SiH'rifil i.nrii IIInr. LO.NUUN, Ji.n. U Wi....'. . ujn;r Cii'irnlilll. the W.ir Mlnl.U V U r,!N ablj tll.Uf!l uiiolM IaII'' t ' . ft-- opted the pii'Jt of n i.. .t.t...'r Ihi. CiilorilL In 'iM'1 ! ' t' U.."i-jiit Milnur, who i-.UuoJ niu prtlolb op Jan. 1.

HOLD UP AND KIL

'm a ii' .X'

" Circulation Books Open

I nlirrtl strand-f Ui Matter IW Ofllcr, Ntw York, N. V.

E AFTER FIRING Superintendent of Montana Apartment Beaten by Two Welt Dressed Bandits. ONE WORE EYEGLASSES, Order Door Opened as They Stuff Money jp Pocket Safe Crackers Busy. ENRIGHT IS STILL POLICE COMMISSIONER Two youm;, well dressed, dark s'klrmed bundlLi, one wearing eye- Zlussea, wallcod Into chn Montana ATHtrtmetita, at the northectst corner of Park Avenue and CM Street at 10 o'clock to-day, entered tho office, of W. Irvtnj Davis, superintendent of the baildtrr-, near tho main entranci" on the around floor and drew rovul vem. Thoy ortiered Mr, Divta to haml over 33.309 wltloh he had Just drawn from tho Corn Exchange Bank branch acrosn the r.treot and w3 oortlrvr out ou his desk. Davis started to euUht up tlu money. One of the rorJbeni struck him on tho forehead with tho butt of a re volver and Davtn dropped, momntarll ritunned. Tht bandlti grabbed at the money und ctrtainod about J 2,500. A," they reached tlio door, Htufflnc their plunder Into their overcoat pockets. Davhr not up and started after them. One of tho men flrvd a nhot nt him, but missed, und Davis coIlaix-d nt tho door. As the thieves fled they dropped about JlOti on Uiu floor. In tho lobby wcro Iatnck Conley, the doorman, J2mma I.iy, tlm hull at tendant, nnd Dorothy Uhua, an ele vator operator. Tlio robbers pointed their revolvers ut the trio, and they, liain-j heard tho shot fired at Davl.i, oxorclocd dU-cretlon nnd kept ciulet. The l;'4idltii ran to Ure rir of the lotibyV ' turned to tho risht to u aide doir opec Into Old Street. BANDITS ORDER CHAUFFEUR TO, OPEN THE DOOR. pomlulo Folcrno, a chtiuffeur- for Mrs A!b!rt Umllh, ono of tho Mon tana tonuntu, wu.1 slaiidlm; Just In uide this doorway out of the cold wind. Tho runnlnB bundlta ap. proiicheil him, levelled their revolvers and ordered him to upr-n the door, llu oIicjkL The riitiern Jumped Into a i)tz lliniiuutiie sUindln? uV the curb with the ciiKinu running. Tho cur duiihtit ' -aut In i-d fllMait, turned mirth In Lexington, Avoiuie and was ; Ii bt Ih thu trullli'. I l'ro.ll titu lift Inn.: m' I i.c : ..i,U.rs It uppeurj that t!u- uire familiar with the buildipir ami aUu lihew that Dvls had Uruvn money (10111 the bank lo? payroll und "t..oi' fxpiuceii. Thov ntvrt'l i'..o hoes'.. 'j- llu id!' U .ir tuineJ uit J ttio rn.im !ir.il n (Continued oa Second-Page.)

STARTS TO-DAY MAGAZINE PAGE

Hylan and Commissioner Agree With 4

That Would Compel Officers Who s

Testified to Report It to Head o Department. "i-" p Mayor Hylan and Police Commissioner finrlght will not app'eaj

to-day before the Grand Jury Which is investigating graft in the city. j This statement was made shortly before noon by Mr. Whitman, who if

conducting the Inquiry before the jury and it followed an hour's cuit- -ference he had with these iwo city officials in his private ruom. One result of tills conference was the announcement by Mr. Whit man that Section 184 of the police rcgutattonv.wuich was the fust' stumbling block Mr. Whitman encountered In his effort to probe ind Police Department, will be rescinded at once. ! Tills nectton. trhtuli the llavor and

PAY THE RENT OF l..J,c..,...,l unJ-;iCn Judge Suspends Hearing of 250 Cases to Head List of c u ) , When te case of Samh FrlKlmui nalnft Mrs. John Justus, tone of the !50 landlord-tenant casm In the Sfcond District Municipal Court of the Uronx. wan called to-day before Judge Ilohlt xck, Mrs. Justus, the tenunt, said: Tour Iwtor. my landlsdy. Mrs Friedman, has boru lenient, but I Junt can't pay my rent- I have eight chil dren, one crippled, and my husband, who Is a mechnnhv recently had hln pay cut ten per cent and now Is work ing' only three daya a week." Uhe admitted that nha owmI J:l.00 for her January rent and $16.50 on her bust menth'u rrnt. Morrl.i I'olsky, himself a landlord bringing a case against a tenant, thereupon o-'ikcd the Judge if he could mart a oollocUon. The Judgts hcudod tho list wltli IS. several Und lords put In a similar iininjrit'and tenants gave from a qu.u-lnr lo a dollar. Whi'ri tlie cinnil was taken the collectors had enough to pay up Mr.i. Jufttus'n two months' Uafk rent nnd one month In advance. A balaneo or t'ail.OO won loft ivltli tho cniirt lo pay up rent lor any stnvUar newly case which might arise. Sharing with .liidgu ftumueli In disuniting f to-day'H grbit of 10 , i-infs was Judge Keanlan. No dinpus i uise& wcro i,rr'wl and In cues wjinro tctiantii failed to appear the two Judtfos allowed them from twenty U 1 thirty days to put in an explanation, whli'h, If Killiifiiutory. would permit j them to enntinun owcupancy. ChiOf t-'lirli .Martin Uitrhe nn I liiiuhci d tlmt JHi).W)i In rents, jiald by i l old-ivr lonuntj, la In t!w cue of vim Itruu:i Coitrt. In tluifioiJ 'whj paid in DetrrrtSer to l,v.-t tuvuri.y 5o,Ci had hien paid In tills rnwnih with a relatively mil'!'. ari...U'!t bcin,- raid ou'. it Is I cHilmntLU t'it m'ir. tVan tS.O'.O.fW !:t ' ti.-.l - nt. i,n-..U!rhuJl tha an tiro cllv airultlnfi dlaposltton of reni cas,

STREET mowm PRICE THREE OENTS INQUIRY Shelve Sec. 184 the Pollc Commissioner refused to set adde at Hie reciutiit of Mr. Whit man, required ery rjuntocr of tha deportment examined b tho District Attorney or before . Grand Juij to furnljh the Commimloner Immediate-' ly with a detailed statement ot every thing thit happeued If the matter t Iseue in any r.-ny affouved polio at airs or Involved any pollco ofther, Including the witness hlmnelr. j . -i fi aoroBnuun or rne aeeriot. ana allw Mr. Whitman-, rmooe. i., obuu. n" deai of "h poiiuomen o ner" ivlshCH to conduct hln inveutl(ttuua lowing statement from Mr. WhltniBiii "TTie District Attorney l a Cunstt- tutlonal officer, ife I inruibl to. the Clnvtrnor and net to tho Miovi. He Is the chief criminal law offlua nt the county and he propu.tfft to as such till furthar notice. "Hectlon 131 ot the. polio .eguia tloas will be rescinded at once. Tho regulation, oh I am Informed by tlxt CommlsHlonor, wun adopted fur dh . clpllnary purtKisea eolely. The 101100 Department i ercry. innmbnr In the department, froiryixv- tmlrruui li Oiimmt.-wloner. will coii-ft form to the reiuu.its of the DUtritiC Attorney In connection with hls.cf-' forts to rnforcn the luw. "Wn will have all the tue. .u .fl tind thoy wUl Im OMilgued Do -ua whnl we ask for Uimn. uud moti mva of; we ask for." DETECTIVE THOMAS MAY" NOW GET DU8Y. Thu foposvrj mirsalon ot the Com missioner Is taken tu Indicate strongly that Detective ttcrgn&nt Al 'rliomas, who Invivitigeitnd for Mr. WhlMrat when he w District Xttoriroy, and una lifts tiodyguiutl as Oovernar, will now be hjulgued as clilef or thu St-ift of Urveatlgatorii tu obtain material for the pnwetit Onuid- Jury. H wua upon. Mr. Whitman's ixtiuejft for lib ir- want mat aiuyor jiyi.-ii nnu uinniia t,1oncr Eriright refutted miauu nvelitty. A pollco oftlclal who Is known to, lie on friendly terms wtth May.MC Ilyhtn raid tnUy that Major Gei,. John O'ttyaii, (lorumandcr of ilia 27lh Division during the war,, bus be'n urTurod the post of lMllve Coin uiLsHlnnor. The offir. ho said. w'na. rmule la.t Krlduy und he was (riven wvrrnl duys tr ttu coiiKlderatlon. Tlili Nimij police ollloial declurmj ' thut Muyiir (lylun lias told CoirwiifcK,,

wonur Kmlght Umt V wUhea Wii!.) (

uud u:;t ttslRn. "e "lit not say mat Mr.;

.. . . . .... 111 Ml, !IB 1 1 U 1 l.in'u liiLtlllfl. V

Atfiki ioitccrn ;ii: tuo report, C?yivii

oKn sftW! l wauM not accept t)tr ' o'tlee If It w"ru offured to rna," ilajenr; Hylan nacbfi tht Cnta

.... iUm&Mii fJ.... . . 3,


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-01-17, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281536/1921011701/0550.xml ===

AND OUT Of LABOR MARKET

CHILD WELFARE GROUP PLEA

To-Day's Industrial Depres sion Means Only Idleness for Them. ISO VVORKj NO LEARNING ; ' , This to Be a Week of 'Propa ganda in Family Do mestic Economy. By Sophie Irene Loeb. During this week pleas aro being made to keep children In school and tit of the labor market, particularly t this time. It In a concentrated movement which In deemed of vital Importance, and the cnrncBt consid eration of every parent In the city Is Brged. First of all tho employment situa tion among children Is critical, and It 3s much better ana wiser to keep chil dren In school as far as possible chll lren of workable age rather than have them remain Idle In tho hope ef getting a Job. As President of the Hoard of Child 'V'eltaro of this city, I have made a urvey, and llnd that all that the "stay-ln-ecbool" committee sets forth As true. The children who come under the Child Welfare Hoard are all children. of widows, and these children, of all others, need employment, and we are placing them us tidvautagvouslv as ponslbli-. Yeftlup! h a wonfm dearth of po sitions II Is M'.eognlze.l thnt the children uf widow, mmr than any other children, nei-d an extra bit of education fur the reasun thnt such children are tho mainstays or the family .and quite naturally they nrc .forced to work nt himiii as possible In order to moot Hmentable economic conditkins of the hume. N th.it this Is the sltuntlotl i vj'ry JTfort must needs bo made to kX;p the children at sehool until the em Dloyment situation Is nearer normal. figures prove plea to be Timely. Mane Holl. Supervisor of tho .luvo Wle Placement Bureau of the Stat" and Special Agent of the United States Department of Iibor. urjje.s The live ning World to nid in keeping children In school, rather than In idleness, in these and other times of Industrial de pression. She points to the report of tile Department of Health that nearly 10,000 employment certlne-ites Tiavo leen Issued to children over fourteen, trd that the openings for Jobs at all tho Juvenile Bureaus for tho past three montlis total only 1.3S6. MSSrE tan alone, for October, was 60 per cent.. November, 25 per cent, and December, 13 per cent., wnlch means that gradually the opening for Jobs lii've decreased, as Indicated by the - Bbove percentages. The percentages of business school girls who are unable to get work, for which thev are trained, aro 86 per cent, of the applicants that come to the Vocational Guidance and Employment Serv.'i Bureau; 67 per cent In the Brooklyn State olllce. and CO percent. In the Manhattan State office. Mrs. Holl points to tho following racts as basic reasons for tho educa- tional plea now mad: " 'Industrial depression affects chiefly the unskilled, inefficient man and voman. ... . , Present sacrifice on the part of purents la keeping child In school ll pay Inter on. . . . . "The longer the period of training the less competition. "" i oung workers under sixteen have lit!, chance to' learn trades. "By tho Continuation School Law fil' children not high school grudu- ...,. .....t ...,.?... nl.-l.tnn. ..nna' will r compelled to go to Continuation School four hours a week. There Is a decrease In wages B'n.ut 20 per cent. I'll the line of civic duty parents ve to tho community to keep their Ci Idrcn out of the army of untm- p. .e.l and to give them a good edu- AlTtho school children of the city Of .' eigOUli grade have bconNglven (i pica" to take home to their par- cn,8. It tells the stcry in simple V . If. PLAIN REASONS "WHY PLEA 8HOULD BE HEEDED. T.i.- appeal says: 'i will pay to stay in school on o" " term. c,u will make a serious mls- t i-e to look foi work now, be- ' , tj .ae employment plllccs in the i..' oiDUfh, say Hint: (1) 1 1 n l n ice as hard to get u Job as last j ear. (2) Hundreds ' mre children are looking for a iou. AppucaniB nave increased 60 per cent. (3 Hundreds less .hs are open to children this , ear. Jobs have decreased 60 per . in it (4) AVuges arc dropping i Ins year Instead of going up. ' nd because: (1) A good Job ' vi,h chance to advance Is partic ularly hard to get Just now. (2) Positions open are mostly "blind ' Jobs wlilch lead nowhere. 3. By going on to trade school ,esvt tenn you can train for a eitcr p.iylng and more lasting 1 Job as an electrician, printer, tinner, dressmaker, &c. (4) By ,n' on to high school you can ' ..i-eparo for higher positions In a business world or In profes- iun.il life. (5) Children who do .m to trade school or high school i 1 ave a better chance to get and i hiii i i-wh.le Ji bs. Pome uf the organizations backing i.. movement lo keep children In ki'hool arc the following: Stato In- istnul Commissions, Bureaus of J jvenile Placement, Vocational G-uld-unee and Bmployment Sor-ice for Juniors, United Neighborhood League, Women's Municipal League. Women's City Club. Public EXluontlon Associa tion, n v s- irii or .vmric vw Bo i '' l.i'i.. Oiiumlttee, Y. . t.. A.'ua 1, rt. W A.

- t L 1L WIFE TO FLEE Vain Search, for Mrs. Berentsen Who Disappeared From Mt. Vernon Home. Mrs. Ella Berentsen, wife of Rloh-ariJ-B. Berentsen, who, after bidding her husband good night at 7.30 o'clock Saturday, walked out of the window In tho living room of their home In Mount Vernon, Is stilt miss ing. Police aro searching for her all the way from Mount Vernon to Cam bridge, Mass., wbero her two chil dren, Richard, five, and Thomas, eleven, are living with Mr. Bcrent sen's sister. Tho ml.sslng woman had been in a sanitarium at Stamford, Conn., for two yoar3, and her husband took her home a week ago In the belief that she had been curtd and that tho homo life would improve her. She had not seen her children in the two years, and talked constantly of them niter arriving home. Mr. Berentsen learned, after hor disappearance, that she had confided to the butler that she vas going to Cambridge Saturday, night, but lie had treated her statement as a vagary of the mind. "She had only a dollar," said Mr. Hcrentson to-day, "and myi fear is that shu started to walk. Slio car ried a heavy grip of mine in which she sowed some of her belongings, and with that and tho further fact that her' left foot is In bad condition, she could not walk far. The only Jewelry she carried was a small gold watch, a lavender-colored antique pin and an Oriental girdle around her waist. Sho wore a brown velvet gown trimmed with laco at tho neck I and sleeves and a long sealskin coat with brown fur. .y wcre toKelller all day Saturday , , . , .... , and Played billiards In the evening, At 7.30 o'clock Mrs. Berentsen said aile was going to retire and bado me " So - wont to ncr room, but she was not there. I had kept close to her all the time, for her mind seemed confused and I realized that she was not so 'well as I had thought. She is a hlgh- ly cultured woman and a splendid pianist. I presume thathe took a street car, but could not have gone far with only a dollar." Mr. Berentsen Is one of the execu- tors of tho estate which controls tho Alexander Smith and Sons Carpet Company of Yonkers. His wlfo la forty-one years old, . five feet, six luches tall, has brown hair, a prorai- nent nose, round chin and face, " COURT DISCHARGES - MbLU AKllL.Lfc.KY IV.-Ue; rVwlmv's Him Was Tno J Large to Be Called a Con cealed Weapon. Harold Uasmunson. a South Dakota cowboy, leaned up against Magistrate Nolan's desk In the AS est Side Court lnls muniing mm nw.iii.xa lovingly ai s giant Colt's revolver which the Mag lutrato was holding up with both hands. It Was a rclle of pioneer days on the frontier, one of tho old gats wlllch wero probal.ly used for shooting dow trecg. It looked as thouBh all u needcd was. wheels to make it a real cannon. Harold brought a carload of steers from a rancn at ueiungei, . u. Aiier wnterlng his stock he grabbed his nicker suitcase and hiked up to the Uroadway trail. Dctcctivo Maloney, patrollng the reservation, grabbed tho stranger on susplclnn. When he opened his bag at tho West GSth Street Sta tion there was nothing in it but tha South Dakota artillery. Thero wasn't room for anything else. Siglstrate Nolan turned to the de tective: "you call this a concealed wsacfui?" he linked. "You couldn't conceal It In tho Woolworth Building. You'd have to mount it before you could shoot nnyhow. I'm going to discharge" ''That cannon!" interrupted Ma loney In alarm. "No." said the Magistrate, "tha can noneer. Give this back to him." ROBBED OF $5,500 IN DRESS GOODS Offices of Manufacturers on West 25th Street Entered and Spring Gowns Stolen. Reports of two robberies In the twelve story building at No. 119 West 35th Street became known to-day. The vic tims were Patnldk & Eckstein and the L. M. Dracow Company, both manufac turers of dress goods. Borne time Fri day night robbers entered their oflkje?, both on tho ninth floor. From Patnlck & Rckateln they took 12.500 worth of dress goods and from tho Draeow Company $3,000 worth of Ui wm which had Just teen prcpam.1 for the opring Btaawn. It Is not ktu'.'i

LOVE OF CHILDREN IMAVE CAUSED

- , i.r .3- . t v

i , THE 'EVENING WORLD, -MfONDAY, JaNu ART

Titled Aftist, Starving Is Found Here and

Charles Gordon Saxton, an " jjR "Si f7 'aHfiS American Aubrey Beardsley, K '.. , f-VTT W V k KSk ' HasSBenl. , VHf By Will. Johnstone. & . A f 'Ufe I W v 1

CHARLES GORDON SAXTON. h I .T. '-W,'.-- Ji V KM ' i;A Remember tho name, for here V LL- 1 ( - t"7 ' --Jl lf' ""T HK .

Remember tho name, for hero is a now-found genius, lie was found on the corner of 4 Id Street and Seventh Avenue (In front of the Rlalto Theatre, to be exact. He was a "hold-out," to use the common ex pression of Broadway actors out of, work. Not that ho Is 'an actor, for Saxton is an artist, a sort of Amerl can Aubrey Beardsley, master of 1nv presslonlstlc caricature and a student of satirical portraiture. He was found In dishevelled grand cur, 6 feet 3 inches of starving dig nity, mostly legs, of the grace and stability of bamboo canes his un willing hunger strike having endured three days. Here, down at the heel of gentil ity, is a twenty-two-year-old descen dant of an ancient Philadelphia fam ily of Revolutionary fame, tracing his lineage back to none otlier than Hendrik Hudson (founder of tho Hud son River, Hudson Bay aud Hudson Trust Company), and "heir to the broad estates Uf ho gots them) of Sir Titus Saulto, country gentleman, de ceased, one of the old English Baultes. Saxton is a living caricature, as bl- zarre as his artistic creations; a smile of optimism always decorating his face. "The shadows only indicate the presence of t the Bun that la my motto," laughed Saxton over his past . six years of adversity In Now York1 City. He was executing sketches for Tho Evening World, dressed in wrin kled finery and woollen shirt. Just as ne was found; unshavod, unwashed, U "IUwo'uld never havo been an artist if it hadn't been for Cousin Dolly," Avnlnlm..! Qftvtnn ".Hhn m. IXOfl to como to New York and. study at the Art Students' League. I was .d her iiui- a hrother who achieved somo fame by painting a picture of "Abe , ,,' ',. .uhnvjii Bnrt '"rs-n h "c.Ln," AShSy2 winkled with humorover this, being

a comedian by nature. Saving Association, and by -a rop- "Cousln Dolly's money evaporated , resentatlvo of tho French Embassy fncnaV. whSu''ta tho name of hi. Government, poseurs. Imitating a beautiful 'the Gold Star Mothers of tho 15th thought. You'll find better Bohe- infantry also placed a wreath at tho Tl'hadn'een rat on my X 1 1 ' 'Uf, fl rememb"nce shimld havo claimed our ancestraU of Franklin's efforts to abolish estate In England, which has been In slavery.

lixnute since Sir Titus Sanlto's death. You know I'm a nobleman A. W. O. L.," laughed tho future Knight of thy Garter. "You can't get un audience with the British Consulate without u white collar. Meanwhile I pursued art at ten smackers a week. Tve slept In tho subway. I'd pick tho longest run, then flop. From At lantic Avenue to 242d Street and back kills a night in that ten-cent lodging house. Tvr often gone for days without chow before I could go to tho Auto mat and tuke coffee and a ring out of Jr.il. And I've put ketchup on tho ring to kid myself It was meat. "It was a cold night when Arthur Hamburger, a Broadway philanthro pist, found mo standing In front of the Rlalto. He sifspected my hunger and Invited me to supper at the 'Blue Bird.' Whllo waiting for tho food I mado somo sketches on tho menu and my host became Interest ed and offered to become my patron. Next day he established me at No. 229 West 42d Street, In tho Belwyn Theatre. "I am ambitious to do big things, Uke Hendrik Hudson, who Is my an cestor. "I yearn to dress like a motion pic ture her tries to dross, tf you know what I mean. I'd wear a white silk cricket shirt with blaok knitted tie, hot dog! ind pattern-my suits after Lew Cody's, he's a classic edi tion of Stewart Holmes, tho he-vamp that Thcda Barn wrestles to ruin in pictures. "1 also want to drive a two-seated roadster, canary yellow, and race Pearl White on Riverside Drive. Sho'd havo tho drop on me, though, for Pearl knows the cops, while I keep away from them. "apcnKing oi mo movies, i ve wni ton a film comedy about mysolf (un produced). I call It "Lather nnd Jazz" full of subtle humor. Hal Lloyd stuff. I'm tho funny barber who carelessly lathers tho customer with shoe-blackening by mistake. The big novelty of the piece Is that I crown the waiter (always the soup target) with a rabbit instead of a custard pie. "I um also creating tho material for an extravaganza of wholly Amer ican tliome and treatment; a fnntus- ti.- ri.ivi.-pt '.on and porlruynl of hnrlont lore and U'KeiidH of the Anier- Iq.P Inrlhin.- i cuil it 'Xitulct Awuxl.

: f. : "s . -i - r.rTMiv, - i i him limn

FRANKLIN'S LIFE ON HIS BIRTHDAY . v- Demonstration in Honor of Great American at Statue in Printing House Square. The birthday anniversary' of Ben- jamln Franklin was culdbrated to- da5r aB th fln,t W programme for Tariff Week. There were cere- . . monies before the statue of Franklin in Printing House Square, where :Th: ,wcrev. Jald by ,Tlca M- nch-wab. In the name of the Penn- sylvania Society; by Renr Admiral . . . . ,r lennon for tho Navy, by Mareu.i M. Marks for the National Daylight Stationed at the statue was a fire cnglno in token of Franklin's found ing of the fire-fighting orguntznition of Philadelphia and the first fire hi surnjico company. As hu also founded tho street cleaning system of Phila delphia Commissioner of Street Clean ing Leo placed a floral tribute, on tho statue. At the Hall of Fame In tho Now York University grounds a grunt floral bell was bung over Franklin's tablet and addresses upon thif great American wero delivered by William Uuggenlielm and by the clutncellor and denn of tho faculty. Tho Franklin Society will hold its unnual dinner at the Hotel Astor Mil evening. FLATBUSH PREFERS WALK TO IOC. FARE Boycott 'Replaces Former Riots Wlitn Double Charge Resumes Under Court Order. Tho Brooklyn City Itnllroad Company was boycotted when tho double fare went Into effect this morning on the Flathush Avcnuu surface lino at Foster Avenue. A force of pollco with several ser geanto were on hand In the event of trouble, but there was no trouble. Tlie majority of the people simply didn't use tho cars. They took long hikes and made the trip to New York by tho I. It. T. Those compelled to patronize tho surface lines rode and "paid up" without remonstrance. They said tho courts had decided the question and that wns enough for them. Hut the cars travelled "light" on tho other side of Foster Avenue. cus.' Some day I'd like to outdo D. W. OrlflUh ns a movlo director. I'm warming up in tho bull pen. '"Can you lmagino a film of Frank Norrls's 'McTeaguo' what a finish mitli that deuth sceno on tho desert old McTeague handcuffed to that guy hot dog!" Everything Is "hot dog" wit, "Sir ! Cha. .' m v he has finiml himself, and Ultt uUoiu tr UUWiVUCd,

and Dishevelled, Genius Saved to World

Booze to Be Had Just for Asking If It's Your Own But Be Sure You Have the Strawberry Mark of Identification. Wines and liquors are to 'be had for the asking from Police Comimls woncr Richard E. Enrlght provided that tho nskors can prove that the wines and liquors fbolong to them. This is part of the burden of two advertisements In the City Record which declare that owners aro wantei' for unclaimed property at Pollci Headquarters. No. 72 Poplar Street. Brooklyn, and No. 210 Centre Street, Manhattan. Included InHhe property is nearly everything from an auto- m,b,1 w a toby cftraem', flqthlng, tools, trunks, typewriters, machinery, money, diamonds, wines, ,, , , . liquors and cigars. Who's for the wines and liquors? What honest bootlegger has lost his "hootch?" Or is It some honest householder who has lost his homo brow? Come right along boys and claim the solace of Jiho good old days, but be sure that it was bought more than a year ago, or that you have tho prtwcrlption. Remember tho gifts of tho Greeks. 'Ware tho wry dry agent Sniff for a lurking Sherlock Holmes, There may be on African in the lumber. Watch you step, boys. Watoh your step! ONE DEAD, 4 HURT IN TRIPLE COLLISION Auto Trucks and Touring Car in Fatal Noon Crash at Bronx Crossing. One man Tvas killed, two atiomrrtille trucks and a touring car were wroc-ked and four men wero scratched and bruineil In a three-cornered colllwion at 133d Street and Brook Avenue, the Bronx. a.t noon to-day. The duud man was Jusuph Foster, a negro chauffeur of 'No. IMt West Hist Street Foster was driving a big private gai'bage collection truck eat in 13."il Street. He lost control of his vehicle and It xttung around and smashod Into h heavily liulen truk of tho Colgate Soa.p I'ompimv, driven Jiy Robert Sutor of No. ifi Kant 71t (Street. Dr. Jseob Bernstein, of No. 231 Sands Street, Brooklyn, In Ills touring oar. wns ( lne behind the Oolgato truck nnd .lashed Into the wreckage. Foster, H tor. Dr. Urrnnteln and two laborers on tho gurbago truck were all thrown to the street. Foster went through the vlndshleld of his truck and was al most cut In two. HELD UP BY THREE; $350 CHECKS LOOT Engineer for Jersey Public Service Gas Co. Robbed at Point of Revolver. Three bandits who early to-day held up John Riley, No. 223 Congress Ave nue, Jersey City, engineer for the Public Service Oas Company, got two bank ohecks, one for 3225 and the other for 1135. Riley bad no cash. Ono of the bandits coered Itlley with i revolver, unlle tno searched him. Th-i i hecks, piynSile to Riley, were driHti on thu i'l.cjilc'M Km I'll, it-ink of Huduuii City by tliv giu coinputjr.

17, 1 92 IF POLICE ON ROBBERY TIP ARREST 2 MEN Pair Taken for Violation of Sullivan Law When Burglary Did Not Happen. CarmelTo Carl ceo and Joseph Fer al! to were arraigned hi Torkvtlle Court to-day charged with violation of the Sullivan law. They were ar rested last night In front of a cigar ritore at 62d Street and Avenue A. Detectiveu Smith and Dlshley of the I'nst 67th Street Station, working on a tip that the store was to be robbed last night, lay In wait. They say the men stood at the entranca on threp occasions and hesitated, as If fearing .c go in becauso there were customers inside. The police to-day accused the pair of the robbery 6n Jan. 13 of Burns Brothers' coal otflou In the sumo vicinity. Hold up men on the Job es caped with 675. - The prisoners denied any knowledge of the robbery and alai i " , ,Vf 5 a li i . declared they had no Intent of robbing liM ..... .... ,R, nlht. N,lthe ' has a pollco record. AUTOS FULL OF GAS MENACE TO SCHOOL Court Without Power lo Remove Then, Although Owner Is Fined for Storing Cars. Although fourteen automobiles with gnsollno filled tanks stored In a build ing at No. 465 West 15Sth Street are de clared a fire menace to cliUdrou in Pub lic School No. 46. adjoining the storage place, by Cupt. John 1'. Leo, Commis sioner of Street Cleaning, Magistrate Cobb in tho Municipal Term Court to duy declared tie Is without power to compel their immediate removal. The building was erected last November by former Corporation Counsel John Wha len. Commissioner Leo, wlio formerly was Chairman of tho Bureau of Standards, drew attention to tho case tlhree weeks ago, when Magistrate Brough fined James A. Coughlln 320 for storing autos with gasoline without a permlt from the Fire Department. Cmighlln was sum moned again to-day us a second of fender. His lawyer told the Magistrate t'oughlln was ill aud title casu was ad journed for a week. Cupt. I.no then asked thut Coughlln be ordered to remove Che machines Im mediately. Magistrate Cobb said hu was without power to do so und advised an ..ppcal lo the Fire Department. PHONE CO. HAS PLAN FOR NEW CONTRACT Will Substitute Monthly for Yearly Number of Calls and Gain ' 100,000. At the resumption of the teleplionu baring before the Public Service Com mission, Second Department, to-diy a. D. Welch, General Commercial fiuper Intctidcnt of tho New York Telephone Company testified. Mr. Wejcih said that under the pro posed new schedule the company intends to dlnoonUnue tho yearly contract and substitute a monthly contract so that telephone subscribers Instead of b, Ing allowed on a direct wire SOD ealln a er will be allowed Instead seventy call a month. This change he said iwlll net tho com pany an In.'reuse of about $400,01)11 jonily revenue. The lnoia(i 1i said probably would lie offset by louden") of juJufcr." 'Tn to tttnlt calls to the conn-act number.

FROZEN 10 PIPE IN IE 'Mystery Surrounds Death and Identity of .Victim Discov ered by Jersey Commuters. Mystery .surrounds the finding tp dny of the body of a well-dressed innn. froien solidly to a water pipe on tho Kearny, N. J., meadows. Chief 6f Police Walter Oliver was at a loss to decide, pending an autopsy by Dr. A. A. Mulligan, Diputy County Physician, If the man had btn mur dered. A superficial examination of the body disclosed no evidences of foul plar, but the fact that an empty pocketbook was found twenty feet from thu body gnve rise to belief the man had been robbed. In one pf his pockets $1.03 was found. The body was discovered by com muters crossing the meadows on their way to Jersey City. Axr?s were re quired to- clear the body from tho pipe. No letters or otlier papers by which Identification could be made were found in the pockets, but Ihto pollen hope to learn who the man wkn through the initials "A. F. C." on a signet rins or through a novel watch and chain. The watch, of silver nnd evidently a keepsake, has an elk engraved on tha case. The chain Is of black and white horsehair. A silver medal attached to tho chain bears the Inscription "Oong Des, Blind nlvsr, Ens. Do Mario." The man was apparently forty years old, clean shaven, 5 feet 8 Inches tall, 170 pounds, partly bald and dresxed In a blue suit with light stripes and n black overcoat with fur collar. In his soft brown liat was the name "Rob cys," and on a lapel button was en graved "Munition Service, Canada." Tho body was removed to the Kearny Morgue. ANOTHER DIVORCEE WON HER ROMEO Paid His Seprattor Suit but He Wed New Reno Otizen, Woman Charges. More light on the oddly snarled ro mance disclosed when Mrs. Ida Tyler flied suit in Supremo Court Saturday to recover 34,250.87 from Robert 15. Ward, which money, she alleges, she advanced him so he could get a di vorce from his wife and marry her, only to have him marry a third woman, -was obtained from an exami nation of affidavits by Ward and QUdya Adelaide Claypooia Nov. 19, In procuring a marriage license. They Show the bride also was a divorces. The affidavits show that Miss Clay poole obtained a divorce from David (lordon Frank at Reno Oct. 22. She Is the daughter of John Claypoole of Lex ington, Ky. Ward obtained divorce from Mrs. Isabel Ward at Reno Aug. 31. of promise damages but merely to re Mrs. Tyler, In her suit against Ward, alleges she gave him 3700 to have bis wife shadowed and the remainder of the sum she sues for to cover the ex penses of tho.lteno divorce. Mrs. Tyler' Is not suing for breach of promise damages, but merely to re cover the money which, she-complains, she Invested In Ward's divorce for lier own advantage and which turned out to the advantage of another. CAPTAIN ON TRIAL FOR SALE OF TUG Court Martial of Officer Who Sold i for $2,500 Boat I jter Sold for f, 18,000. The trial of Capt. Raymond B. Har rison by court martial, for alleged mis appropriation of the Government tug, drover Cleveland. wa begun to-day at Governors Island. Harrison Is churgod with having sold the tug for 32,00 to Krnest Rudolph, a Urooklyn ship broker, after an offer of ItO.OOO had been re ceived from tlm City of Newark, through Commissioner WlDlam J. Brennan and Fire Chief Thomas Qulg ley. - Another allegation to the effect that the Captain, who was formerly In the transport service at Hot en, had re ceived 33,000 from Rudolrh, after the latter had resold tho tug to the Olty of Nowark for 318,000, was withdrawn. Harrison U represented by Llout. Ber nard iP. Hoy and 1L V. Holthuien as attorney. Tho court Is presided oer by Col. William A. Turnbull. It Is said that twenty witnesses havo been called and that tho trial will oc cupy three days. STORK PAYS VISIT IN SURFACE CAR Bluecoat With Drawn Gun Finds No Hold-Up Just . Baby Girl. When a Third and Amsterdam Ave nue surface car stopped at Seventh Ave nue and 125th Street late lust night passengers rushed Into the street ex citedly from both exit. Patrolman William Barry of the West 123d Street Station put In a call for bolp.sd with drawn revolver entered the car. He was somewhat lelleved when the con ductor informed him that a passenger had given birtli to a child. An ambu lance was called and .Mrs. Mary Cailey. twjjiity-two, of No. 122 Uakt 122d Street, ami her six and one-half pound biiby glt wre Ukcu to liarlem UoaplUl

STEINBRINKSCOB WHALEN'SACTSIN ASH-DUMPING CASE

Mayor's Investigator Says No tice of End of Partnership Was Dated Back Eight Months. Meter IStelnbrink, associate counsel In the Board of Estimate's Inquiry into olty contractors, made public to-day in a report to Mayor Ilylan the re sults of his Investigation of drover A. Whalen's connection with Holland A Co., ono of the contracting firms which dumped ashes on the new court house site. This Investigation followed charges made against the Plant t Structures Commissioner by Samuel Dnterniyer, counsel for the Lockwood committee. Mr. Stelnbrtnk said It woo lndh pu table HoHand & Co. dumped 1,174 1-2 cubic yards of allies in the Court House flltc, which cost the city In removing (assuming they were removed) 36,694. H. As the Street Cleaning CommU rrtoner had not Insisted upon the re moval of the ashes, Mr. Stelnbrlnk holds thero won no "trespass" which would make Whalen, as a member of tho llrnu liable for damages. Reviowlng the history of Holland & Co., Mr, Stelnbrlnk say It wa about the middle of October, 1911, that Whalcn olalnu ho withdrew from tho Arm. "It Is admitted by both these part ners (Edward V. Holland and Ororer A. Whalcn) thLt tho quoted provision (relating to tho contract of partner ship) was not compiled with, nor wm any formal notlco sent to the credi tors or other conoexna with which Holland & Co. did business, and it Was' not until the following Aug, 7, 1U18, that a certificate was prepared on behalf of Edward V. Holland, the-' object of whlcH was to comply with the provisions of tho penal law, set ting forth that Edward V. Holland was doing buslneaa alorto as Holland & Co. "TJils certificate was then dated badk to Dec SI, 1917, but wua ac knowledged, and filed at about the some time It was prepared, namely. Aug. 7, litis, and was then published In tho New York Law Journal, "Nevertheless tho bank account In the Uuarantoe Trust Company wan continued. Just as It hod been during Uio partnership, and thougb Grover A. Whalen signed no Jlrm checks on the bank account after the fall of 1917, his signature- still remains on the bank, record of tho account, and hiii right to sign the name of Holland & Co. Is unimpaired even to this day As a legal proposition Mr. Steln brlnk contends creditors of the firm of Holland 6 Co. can maintain It con tinued In business with Whalen us partner oven during 1920, although no business was transacted after July 1, 1920. "Mr. Whalen was a partner for cer tain purposes during much of the time he was Commissioner of Plant and Structures, and wblle he was Secretary to the Mayor," Insist Mr. Stelnbrlnk. Whalen's statement nothing uras paid htm for his Interest In the busi ness Is fercrred to In the report which says an examination-of the bank ac count of the firm showed Its average balance was lees than 1E0 when Wltalsn said he had quit. In disapproving of damage suits against Whalcn, Holland fc Co- and other contractors1 who used the court homw site, Mr. Stelnbrinlk explains the city's claims are too opcculatlvt to spend either time or money In pur suing them. All of the data in Mr. Stelnibrlnk's possession has been turned over to Corporation Counsel O'Brien. CALLS HER HUBBY LAZIEST OF ,MEi Tells Court He 'Only Stops Skcp ing to Eat" A Divorce Is RecomnwndcrJ. Mrs. Marie Ftlbom of No, -239 Beacon Avenue, Jersey City, before Special Master Cory tn the Court of Chuncery at Jersey City to-day de clarcd her hue-band, Mark Fllborn. Is "the laziest man who ever lived.'" She said that he "only stopped Bleep ing to eat, and that he slept every day till nine In the evening, and then wetiit off to a saloon, after borrowing money from her." She also alleged ho deserted her and her three chil dren. A decree for divorce wtTs ad vtaexl by the Special Master. Mrs. Lillian A. Brenner, No. 11T' West Sixth Street, applied for divorc before Special Master William , C Asper, also In Jersey City. She bad been married but four months, ivhen her husband Monroe, a bell-diver, said thut he was tired of her, und on Knpt. 22, 1917, went to MUwisotppl. Later ho wrote her that he was going to tho Amlea. A divorce was recom mended. Says Aunt Mary: "The Boys always put up a kick at night, if there arc no Ancrc Cheese sand wjches for the 'snack' be fore retiring." CHEESE 1 Made by SHARPLESS, Phila.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-02-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281548/1921021501/0076.xml ===

ELLS IRISH VIOLENCE W

WALL VOL. LXI. NO. 21,664 CITY HAS NO (Proposed Miller Commission Is to Have Full Power to Fix Rates. ' UTTLE HOME RULE LEFT. City to Have Say in Fixing New Routes and Veto" to Protect Debt Limit. ALBANY, Feb. 15. "Tho receiver ship of a trolley line does not take it fthe trolley line) away from the rejj ulatory powers of the f ublic Service Commiaion," Gov. Miller declared to day. The Governor added that the pro vision in the bill which will allow the commission to adopt its plan for the city, In case the latter does not agree to it, waj inserted to prevent "ob structive lasures." He said e had no doubt the com- mission could take title to the lines ior ine cny ana put the title in tho L . . 1 city's name. By Joseph S. Jordan. t Special Staff Correspondent of The bvening World.) alijany. Fob. 15. Gov. Miller's I faction bill will be Introduced in the Legislature to-morrow, and the pro- .siona wII ho exactly as they wcro outlined in Tho Evening World more t.ian a week ago. Scarcely a vestige ot home rule la left to Now York. The i iy is robbed of all conttot of Its own streets for transit purposes. It " ill have absolutely no say except in ho fixing of new transit routes, when its consent is required under rfhc State Constitution, and a veto power on projects pledging the city red it or affecting lis debt limit. The Rapid Transit Commission, to be composed of three New York City men, will havo abso lute power over tho city traction situation and the exclusive right to increase or decrease fares. An advance statement of the pro visions of tho bill was submitted to tho press last night by tho Oovernor for general circulation and to Invito discussion. Tbo Govornor baa thrown his cards on the table. The whole traction programme Is tovercd by a single bill. All power ever traction matters in New Xork City is to bo vested in a Rapid Tran sit Commission. All power over other public utilities in tho city and all outside is given to tho Public Service Commission. , HAS ABSOLUTE POWER IN FIX ING FARE RATES. Tho term of tho Kapld Transit Commisalon will be for Ave years, the members being subject to re moval by tho Governor. Tho bill carries tho exorcise of the police power of tho State to modify rates either by way of Increase or decrease upon terms, conditions, safe guards or readjustments of franchise or contract rights or obligations, as the commission may proscrlho. Jurisdiction over gas and electricity manors throughout the State Is lodged In the Public Service Oom- (Continued on Kighth Page.) FRESH EGGS DROP AGAIN. Ilomi to nSn IVholmule Should Nell for -flic. Fresh eggs took another drop hi the T.-holesalo market to-duy and were Quoted ut 35 cents. Last week's closing jirlco -vhs 43 cents. ' In Chicago to-day the Quotations wero as low as 31 cents, which Is In terpreted to mean that tho Now York orlcea probably will drop at least to 32 beforu the end of the wotk. when tho ts.ll price ought not to t more than 40 cnt.

Copjrlclit, 1021, by The Vm fubllahlnir Co. (The Nre York World).

VET Urges Exemption From Tax ation of New Tenements and Apartments. Health Commissioner rtoyal S. Cope- land was the principal advocate In a public hearing' of the Board of Alder-' rpen this afternoon ot the emergency housing proposal to exempt from taxa- tion for a term of years tenements and apaitmeiit houses built to relieve the present congestion. "Unless this exemption measure U passed," declared Dr. Copehmd, "I shall be tempted to turn Socialist and voto for the Socialistic programme, which calls upon tho city to build homes and rent them to Oie people." Dr. Copeland, replying to criticisms

"JUNKED" LINES1 4 .1

COPELAND BACKS HOUSING MEASURE BEFORE ALDERMEN

of a recent survey of tenement linus- mlttee can Investigate only realty ln ing conditions by the Board of Health vestments by thoso organizations.

said that a re-survey showed that conditions are getting worse. He specified two blocks In Manhattan which shelter .1.44 families number ing 7,169 persons. Inadequate sleep ing quarters, ho said, are furnished to 1,176 of tho tamillcj in thoso two blocks. "If this provision, "which is calcu lated to encourage ibulldlng, Is not passed," said Dr. Copeland, "wo will bo submerged In ten years. In ' 19J0 133.000 tobies 122 miles of babies were born In Now York City. Add to thl3 birth rate tho flood of Immi gration which Is headed toward us and you will find that wo can't take care of our population increaso with out additional quarters." Dr. Copeland told tho board that tho typhus situation Is serious. In our overcrowded condition, he said, the consequences would bo indescriba ble If typhus, brought in by uncloan Immigrants, should gain a foothold In Now York. HARDING TO SEE VIERECK. Sny lie (Mnnnt tlrfnxe Audience tn Any Amrrlrnn, err. auoustink, Fin., Feb. ir,. President-elect Harding announced to day he erpected to tco George "Syl vester Vlercck, editor of the father land bfiforo America entered tho wur. Vlercck came here direct from .i con vention of German-Americans. "I will bo President of tho whole Uni ted States and I cannot refuse to see any American who wishes to come." Mr. Harding explained. Tho President-elect denied published reports that ho hud Ignored a letter from President Wilson regarding In augural arrangements. He said an Im mediate anwor was impossible bo causn he had to wait for Mrs. Harding to arrlvo In order to discuss arrange ments with her. WHITMAN AFTER ANOTHER. Ilefore Crnnil Jury iSeeklnif Indict ment at PnllreinnD. Charlca S. Whitman. Special Assist ant District Attorney, wont before tho Grand Jury this afternoon with eight witnesses. Just ibofore entering the Jury room ho uatd he Intended to ask for tho Indictment of a .policeman on charige of accepting unlawful fees. No report from tho Grand Jury to Judge Crain of General SosUoti" li ex- ucled until Utlr evening.

"Circulation Books Open to All.'

,NEW SENATE REFUSES, 30 TO 20, TO GIVE Limits Grant Strictly to Lines Set in Resolution of Assembly! ALLOWS MORE MONEY. Field of Investigation Made -to Cover Only Concerns Mak ing Realty Investments. AIJBANY, Fob. 15. Tho'senato this afternoon, by a vote ot 30 to 20, re ' fused to grant tho Lockwood Hous ing Committee any further powers to conduct their Investigation than was provided In tho Assembly reso lutkvn. At tho same time tho Senate voted to place $75,000 at the disposal of tho committee, instead of $50,000. Tho vote came on a-motlon of Scn- ator Lockwood to amend tho Asacm bly resolution by providing that the committee might have the power to investigate tho form of organization land businesses, practices, manage- ment, affaire, and inxosttncnts of all corporations and associations that liavo among other things the power to invest their moneys In real prop erty or in bond secured by mort gages. ' As the resolution stand.", tho com- TEN CARS STARTED IN ALBANY TO-DAY Four in Troy, All Manned by Strikebreakers Six Arrests Made There. AliBANY, Feb. 15. Ten street cars niannodtoystrlko-fcreakcra in Albany and four In Troy emerged from the barns to-day and bogan breaking their way through tracks partially covered with snow and Ice. This was tho largest number ot earn operated, at one time since the Unltod Trac tion Company began efforts to break the- strike ot Its 1,200 employees, now In its eighteenth duy. There were no disorders In Albany when the cam began running, but sl.' men were arrested In Troy In con nection with the strike. Police there found trolley wires, whloh wore re paired yesterday, had been torn down during the night for a distance of three blocks, and there wore indica tions, it was said, thut water plugs had been opened to lay an ice blanket over the rails. Tho company announced early this afternoon that It won running cars on throe of tho eight lines in Albany. Tho public -was .beginning to 'patronte tho cars In both cities, tho company reporting nlno passengers in Troy and three In Albany up to 1.30 o'clock. WAR GAS REPELS THIEVES WHO OPEN VAULT IN BANK Forcing of Door Opened Can and Robbers Fled Empty- . Handed. PONTIAC, Mich., Fob. 15. TWO safe blowers opened the vault In the Farmers and Merchants' Hank at Utlca, m- hero, early to-day but wotv driven back by a wave of mustard gnu that had been plnoed In the vault. Tho mon fled empty handed, V A ctin of gas had been placed In the vault by hank officials jn such a position that It was hrcften open when th door was forced.

YORK, TUESDAY, FEBRTTAEY 15,

COPELAND CLOSES N. Y. TO INFECTED SHIP PASSENGERS Death of Second Immigrant From Typhus Brings Drastic Action by City. WILL USE POLICE FORCE. Health Commissioner Says Ex amination and Cleansing Will Be Extended to Cabins. Following announcement of tho sec ond death from typhus among tho Im migrants at Hoffman Island, Health Commissioner Copeland declared to day that not one typhus-carrying per son will be allowed to land in Now York. "This applies to passengers In all the cabins of ships 'arriving from Europe," said Dr. Copeland. "Tho rule must be enforced 100 per cent or It Is no good, and It will be enforced if it takes every policeman in New York City. "First and second cabin passengers should be examined. One perfectly healthy person can bring In typhus. This waa shown last week when a second cabin passenger from the I'residento Wilson became in after landing and was sent to Harlem Hos pital, whero it was found he had typhus. Ho Is now In WJlIard FaPkcr Hospital and recovering. "Nobody who Is not personally clean can land In New York without being held twelve days under the now' conditions. Tho work really should bo done on the other side. Hamburg is tho only city In Europe doing the right thing. The Mount Clay, which arrived here from that port, had all clean passengers. They had been treated and then held fifteen days at Hamburg beforo being allowed to embark. "If I had my way I would have an embargo declared at Ellis Island. Certainly there must bo a change there. Tho Government flhould pro vide facilities there for cleaning up immigrants." Dr. Copeland said his forco not only would continue to inspect all immigrants arriving hero directly from Europe, 'but also those brought by train or ship after landing In other iorts. The New Haven Hall- road Is co-operating and will notify the authorities of tho time of ar rival of any of Its trains or ships carrying immigrants. Ql Commissioner Copeland declared his stafJf would bo increased by fifty new inspectors to-day. Doctors and nurses have canvassed all tho houses within a radius of ten blocks of the homo of James Halllgnn, tho Hrook lyn boy who diod of typhus, have in- (Continued on Second Pago.) 'PIE COUNTER" OPEN AT WASHINGTON Harry Daugherty Establishes Head quarters as Harding's "Liaison Officer." WASHINGTON, Fob. 15. Harr Daugharty, President-elect Harding's liaison officer" with Congress, opened headquarters In the Senate office building to-dny. This, coming closely after Mr. Har ding's telegram to House and Senate leaders, urging a clean-up of appro priation bills by March 4, was taken by many as evidence that IJaugherty was hero to see that Harding's wishes aro carried out. Many CongTow,rnon seMtncd to re gard Uaugherty'a headquarters in tilt- office of Sertator Willis, Harding's miccoaAor in tho senate, as "tile plo counter," for they flocked thwe wtlth patronage picas. It 1b undcrtitood Uiughurty will : spend considerable time in Washing ton prior to the Inauguration.

SENATORS SEEK TO STOP LOANS TO THE ALLIES Judiciary Committee Unanimous ly on Record Against Advances Even on Commitments. WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. THE Senate Judiciary Commit- teo unanimously went on record lo-day against tho payment of any further money to foreign countries, even on commit ments already made, until all the facta conccVnlng tho loans are known to Congress. Tho committee's acUon wiw an effort to prevent Secretary Hous ton's carrying out the polity whloh ho told both tho Judiciary -and For eign Itelutlotis Committees thut ho favored tho payment of about .79,000,000 on commitments already made if tho foreign Governments asked for It. Examination of Secretary Hous ton on this question, scheduled for to-day, was postponed until to morrow, as tho Secretary advised the committee that the jtapurs In tho files of the Treasury had not yet been assembled. CANCELLING DEBTS Resisted AH Such Suggestions by Allies During the Peace Conference. By David Lawrence. (Special Correipondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON. D. C.Feb. 15 (Copy rlchV 1921) Defending President Wilson from attack for some of his attitudes at the Peaco Conference may 7iot be fashionable, but in tho in terest of fair play thoso who know the facts concerning the alleged promise of Mr. Wilson to secure tho cancellation of tho Allied war debt have no hesitancy In saying that far from welcoming the suggestions made informally to him ho actually re sented the idea. One man who wai with the Presi dent during tho peace negotiations tells n story of a dramatic Incident that ac- curred at a luncheon given to Prosl dent Wilson" by tho mornbera of the French Chamber 'of Deputies. Mr. Wilson fully erpected that flie affair would bo Roclal and was net propared to talk shop. Tho President of tho French Cham ber was seated nojet to Mr. Wilson, and his attempts to get Mr. Wilson to com mit himself In private conversation to some plan, for the pooling if war debts was received with such a frown of dis approval and with such emphatic re marks that persons at the tabic related the incident later as an Indication that so far us Mr. Wilson was concerned there was no hope of getting him to agree to any cancellation of war debts. ALL THE ALLIES WANTED TO POOL THE ASSETS. It Is true that tho proposal was never officially mado to cancel war debts, but at least a score of different suggestions and plans wore laid In- (Continued on Twelfth Page.) WILSON ADVISER SEES HARDING Lamont Tells Him Wilson Made No Commitments'on Can celling Allied Loan. ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., Feb. 15. Prenldcnt Wilson made no commit ments, either direct or remote, re garding cancellation of the Allied debts at the Parts Peace Conference, Thomas W- Lamont, who acted as1 a financial adviser there, told lreni-dent-oleot Harding to-day. Mr. Harding, ho said. "Is fren as air" In the matter of settling th Allied debt. t

"Circulation Rooks Open 1921. SEVENTEEN KILLED Eight Passengers and a Woman Amopg Victims of Attack on Cars. .NINE SBN FE1NERS DIE. Fight With Soldiers in Town !; Near Cork Several of the Militia Wounded. COHK, Feb. 15.-45cvfint.ceil live wero lost In two 81nn Fein attiicki to-day In tho region at Cork. Ambushing u train, Sinn Femora hilled eight .passengers, two of their own mimiber being killed !by the re turn fire of soldiers. Seven Sinn Fclnors were killed when they attacked a party of sol diers near Mourno Abbey. Thero was a bad fight In which tho military suffered some casualties, the num ber being withheld. In the attack on tho ambushed train, wilrloh took placo near In nishannon, elgjit passengers, one i woman, were killed. Two Sinn Fcln ors were killed by jroldiors. Four soldiers and eoveral passengors were wounded. Tho Sfnn Felners wero distributed along both sid( of tho track. Prac tically every window In the train was shattered by their Arc. A relief train bringing tho most seriously wounded arrived licru shortly after noon. Among these were two women, two railway men and several male passengers. Forty soldiers -worn on tho train They wcro on the alert and tho Sinn Fein lire had soarcoly begun before the soldiers wcro fighting back, dl charging their rifles through the broken windows. , This was mo second instance of a railway ambush wltliln rho week Tho first occurred In this region also. The Sinn Folnera In large numbors were said to have hidden tlieninclve along the railway and to have poured a heavy flro Into tho windows as the train went by. Ilomlbs wero used also. Heavy troop movements were supposed to have occasioned the at tacks. Innlshannon Is 23 miles southwest of Cork. DUBLIN. Fob. 15. Francis Tcel Ing, awaiting execution afUsr sen tence for participation In the murder of Lieut. Angllss Nov. 21 last, es caped from Kllmalnham Jail lust night. Din escape is said to have been affected in as sensational a mnnner as that wnicn marked the escape of Do Vulcra. Tecllng hod been captured In a pitched battle with "black and tans." Aii uncuoccHsful attempt was madr to bomb tho Duhlln City Hnll lasl night. Tho building Is occupied by (Continued on 8:cond Page.) BORAH TRIES AGAIN FOR DISARMAMENT Proposes Change in Naval F5ill Au thorizing Call for Three Power Conference. WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 Senator Itor.ih. Republican, Idaho, followed up hla propowiln for naval disarmament to day by introducing as nn amendment to the pending naval appropriation Wl a provision authorizing and reiiiiestlriK the President to call a conference by representatives of Great Ilritain, Japan and tho United Stnto on the subject. Tho conference,' tho amendment provides, "shall be charged with tho duty" of reaching an understanding or agreement fo whloh naval Uilldlnir of the trireo ;iweri man nt s-jiintantlully reduced" annually during the m-ict five years. There' One Mn Who lint t:ally In Ireland. DUBLIN. Feb. 15 A cae of tUfpIng jilcknea wan reported yeiterday from Mount Norrls. County Armagh. Th! 1 the flrst CJ. of . la tlllARfla in hn ra. ported In Irflhii'?.

Kiilered n Bwund-fliu Matter Tout Office, New York, N. V.

NO REPUBLIC IN IRELAND

Says in Speech Opening Parliament Thatu Government's Act Is Well Under Way, and Calls for Unity

; Favors Commercial Treaty With'

LONDON. Fob. ID.--Violuuce will not solve tho Irish problem, Kins George wild to-day In tho speech from tho Throne to the two House of Parliament In formally opening tho session. "The situation in Ireland still causes mo distress," gnld tho Klnp. ."A misguided hccIIoii of the Irlnh people penl.stH in resorting to DicthuiN of criminal lnlenee villi tho object of estalillslilnt; an Independent republic. Neither Jrlsh unity uor Irlsljclf-gotern-mcnt van bo attained li) this means." ' "Arransemonts for brlnirlnr- Into

FIVE U. S. OFFICIALS ACCUSED OF COAL PROFITEER DEALS Were in Positions, It Is Said, to Sell to Foreign Powers at Huge Profit. WASHINGTON. I-Vb. 15. A former official of .ha United Htutcs Treasury, Ulx w. smith, sought to arrange deals In coal for his own profit in August, 1D20, George II. Uushlnir, Managing Director of tho Wholesale Coal TJualcrs Association, told the Senate Reconstruction Committee to day. - Mr. Gushing said Mr. 'iSmlth had represented to him that ho waa an aoclated with four other Government officials, Including an Aiolstant ycc intary of the Department of Labor, in official of tho Htato Department and two other men who were con nected with the forolgn langurtgo di vision of the Treasury Department Mr. Smith said ho also was conncctol with that division, according to Mr. Cunning. Mr. Smith represented, ho added, that is group was In a posi tion to buy coal and Fell It to foreign governments. 'Smith said ho w;m Jhe author of HevcnU law books." Cashing continued, ind had been connected with tho Su prrmo Court of New York. Ho also lold me ho had organized a laAior de partment for n soutn American re public and rou Id kcll coal to that coun try. Ho wald ho iffls employed by thu United StntBH Government ns a dollar- n-yoar man." Later, Cushing said, Smith In formed him he had obtained 450,001) tonu of coal and waa ready to start deliveries. . brindellTgains POINT FOR A STAY Justice Kinch ot tho Supremo Court o-day signed an order to show cauno why a eertlllcate of reasonable doubt should not Issue to IUibort P. Urln- dell, convicted of extortion and sen tenced to not lens than five nor more than ten years in Sing Sing. Tho order In made returnable Thursday morning, when arguments will ton hewrd by Jurtlce Nathan Dljur in tho EMultv Term or the rfu- pveme Court,

PRICE THREE CENTS .3

force tho Government's Irish not aro now well ndvancod, ttnd 1 earnestly trust that In tho near future tbo ma jority of the- pocdIo wilt show th4r ! determination to rcpudlato violence and givo effect to an not y'hlch con fers upon ihetu responsibilities of sclr-Koveiitment and 'provides ma ohim l which thcV can attain ItlMi. Hty by constitutional means." Th ixinii'a speech wua brief, but touched on numerouH vital iiuostlone confronting the Government. At the outset It referred to the coming cou- furencus to be huld in Iondon and at tended by tho ivprosuntativM of Al- -lied nallpns, Germany and Turkey. "I earnestly trust," mld Kins: Oeorgc, "that by this means further . progress may Cu made In glvjng ef fect to ircutlctt of peace. In To-establishing concord In Kuropo and restor ing trunaullllty in the Near East" FAVORS A COMMERCIAL TREATY WITH RED RUSSIA. King George expressed himself as favorably disposed toward a commer cial treaty with -Soviet rtusala, eay lng: "It la my hopb that negotia tions for a trade agreement ritu Russia may also bo brought to a aac ccsfu conclusion." Solution of tbo problem of unftn ploymeut doeo not rest entirely with Parliament, the King declared In discussing this Important subject. 'Tho most pressing -problem con fronting us," ho said. "Is that of un employment, which la a result of worldwide restriction of trade. This may bu alleviated, but It cannot bo cured by legislative means. Thin problem, with its acuta and distress ing cousoiiuoncea for hundreds of our fellow citizens, la receiving constant and anxious uttcutlon from my min isters, who are striving to revive trado and prosperity, and, In th moan time. asUt. those who, unfortu nately, have no cm?loymeut. You will be invited to pass a bill extend ing provisions which wero made lor. the unemployed under the unuuiploy- This act provides that em Vloyeos pay a premium asulnst unemployment, by whleh they re ceive Government assistance If they aro out of work. DILL FOR SAFEGUARDING OP" KEY INDUSTRIES. "A measure will be Introduced In th House of Commons," the King con tinued, "dealing with the sufeguardltlii of cttHcnllal key Industries at the coun try Hnd with certain aspects of unfair and abnormal Industrial competition. 1 earnestly hope these efforts may b seconded by the loyal and frank co operation of employers and employed, for It Is through co-operation of capital i und labor in a spirit of mutual trust ' and coulldence thut oarly solution of this grave problem may be found." King George announced the "deter mination of the, Government to reduce expenditures to the lowcw. level con sistent with the wellbelng of tho em. plre," and he stated a plli would ,bs predated dealing "with the sale of ul-

4 JL. 7' .sWAsft, ,


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-03-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281548/1921031701/0658.xml ===

KILLED BY BURGLAR To-Nlnhta Weather PnOQABu ' RAIN. To-Morrow. Wtlhr CLOUDY. WALL STREET WALL STREET! ML EDI TON EDI TION u Circulation Books Open to All." "Circulation Hooks Open to AW f VOL. LXI. NO. 21,600 DAILY. Copyright, 1II21, br The IreM PublWIiliir Co. (The New VorU World). NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1921. Entrrrtt mn SrcundClft MaUit Vot Office, New York, 3. T. PRICE THREE CENTS

III BE PUT TO FINAL VOTE

IN ASSEMBLY NEXT TUESDAY . . jt .1

Expected to Get at Least 90 Votes Goes Through Senate by 33 to 18. HARD FIGHT- VAIN. All Amendments Suggested in Either House Are Promptly Rejected. By Joseph S. Jordan. (Staff Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) ALBANY. March 17. When the Miller Transit Bill camo up in the Assembly to-day for final pass-age announcement was mado by Majority Leader aimon L. Adler that tlio vote probably would ho taken, next Tues day because of the" absence of many memb'vrs. It Is practically certain that It will get nt least 90 votes and may be sent to the Governor tho A&rae ttav. Here are tho names of five He- , publlcan Senators of Greater Now York who voted for tho tolll which 1- . nil nnw.f fivir zr: ;:,: r. tfVS aw ."--I . Invested In tho subways and forces the city to aocapt all tho decrepit railroads at whatever valuation the Rapid Transit Commission chuoi.es to put upon them: SCHUYLER M. MEYER, law yer, No. 20 Exchange Place, New York City. MAXWELL iS. HARRIS, law- yor, No. 1179 51st Street, Brook lyn. WILLIAM T. SIMPSON, law yer, No. 523 Sixth Street, Brook- GEORGE M. REICHMANN, manufacturer, No. 250 Eldert Street, Brooklyn. C. ERNEST SMITH, lawyer, No. 45 Brownell Street, Staple Con, S. I. These men stood for everything1 in the bill as it came out of tho ofllco of Gov. Miller. They voted against an amendment which would havo atrick en out the clause providing for a tem porary Increase In fare. Sixteen amendments In all were Introduced, having for their purpose tho ameliora tion of conditions In Now York when the bin becomes a law. But the MU ler foroea would, have nono of tho changes. ..The five Republican Senators of Oroatar New York who voted with the (Continued on Ninth Page.) LIFTS LIQUOR BAN FOR DRUG STORES Kramer Also Announces Wholesal ers Must Be Out of Business by May IS.

Aft . WASHINGTON. March 17. The

hau prohibiting withdrawals of whis ke. from bonded warehouses In so fur as It affects retail druggists will bo lifted April 1. under an order Issued to-day by Prohib.llon Commissioner Kramer. Moditlcatlon of tho ordtr stopping withdrawals was not ex tended to wholesale liquor dealers. Coinoidentally, Mr. Kramer an nounced that wholesale dculer must go out of business about May 13. lit said also that plans or tin llureau provided for the completion of regula tions based on former Attorney Ucn eral Palmer's opinion ua to whole alers to be effective about th sa.m Uato. "It will therefore be nceoss-ary. 4ld Mr. Kramer, "for tho wholcsnl--tlquor dealers who have liquor 'n their possession to govern themscj In the light of this contemplated ac tion and legally dispose of their stocks kwtwaan this Urn and May U.

UUV. V ILLLrrtVUIO u

HERE IF NEEDED' Would Be Foolish Otherwise,1 He Declares Thinks Pub licity but Remedy for Ills. ALBANY. March 17. Gov. Miller Bald to-day he would favor a legis lative Investigation or affairs In New York Clt, such as former Oov. whitman is reported us wanting, If sufficient grounds for It woro dis closed. "I nave road Gov, . Whitman's statement," Gov. Miller said. "I no- ;'co ho says It Is dltlicult to set cvi- donee and that somo of the cases !nave llccn outiawed. Of rourso ho I . r to suia any body." Asked It he thought a Onind Jury hail greater power than a legislative committee he replied that he thought a committee's powers arc "rather unlimited." The Governor said he believed that a legislative committee could pun ish any one for contempt who re fused to obey a subpoena, even though tho Legislature might not be in session. "I certainly should not oppose a legislative investigation if thero 13 reasonable ground to thluk that one is needed. By 'needed' I mcun that if tbcro is a situation it ought to bo disclosed, because tho greatest rem edy after all Is publicity. I think an investigation without reasonable ground, however, iould bo foolish," the Governor concluded. CRIME NOW TO "FIX" BALL GAME IN N. Y. Miller Signs Bill Providing $10,000 Fine and Five Years' Im prisonment. ALBANY. March 17. Gov. Miller to-day signed tho bill of Senator Kavanaugh making it a felony to offer or acce'pt a hrfbo to "throw" a professional hall game. The bill was Introduced at the so licitation of John J. Evers, managor of the Chicago Cubs, and was In dorsed by Judge K. M. Landls, na tional arbitrator of organized baso ball. The bill provides that any person offering or accepting a bribe of any kind to "throw" a game, may be punished by a line of $10,000, live years' imprisonment, or obth Classified A doer User a Important! Classified advertising copjr for The Sunday World should be to The World office On or Beore Friday Pttcedini Publication Olatiitiei Atlvrrtittmtntt for Week Dat Itrrriveti . DAILY AFTER 8 A. M.' For publication the followlnr Jay EARLY COPY RuxhM Uii Prrttrtnct Whtn Aru1Mlu Mm D OMlttW THE WORLD.

OF Will Not Permit Anything to Happen to Disturb Rela tions With England; S. RAISES NO ISSUE. Indicates in Boston Parade Controversy He Won't De part From Wilson Policy. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON, March 17 (Copy right, 1921). President Harding has had his first taste of tho Irish prob lenand has met tho Issue squarely by dccllulng to permit the United States Govcrnmentto bo drawn into any action that might be construed as a recognition of tho Irish Republic. Mr. Harding received u telegram couched in terms so displeasing and so caustic that he did nut uuswei it In person, but directed his secretary to sign the reply. The message; wlilOh' was sent by John I liarnguu, State President of the Massachusetts Coun cil of tho American Association lor the Recognition of the Irish liepublic, rtad ds follows: "To President Harding: 'Gen. Huckmnn and Admiral Dunn, in press statements to-day, say that to permit troops to march in partisan demonstra tions, especially one unfriendly to another nation, would bo a se rious 'breach of international amity. Evacuation Day. March 17, Is a local demonstration of loyalty und patriotism that no devotee of Toryism, no matter how exalted his position, can stop, Aro these olllclals Ameri cans or satellites of forolgn gov ernments? "Kuckman aixt Dunn asked the olllplals of the Evacuation Day parado if tho American Asocla tlon for Recognition of the Irish lleptiblle Intends to participate In the parade. Wlim they woro told 'Yes,' they warned against Uie parading with them of men in United States uniform, wheth er in service or reservists. Aro they autocrats oi is this a de mocracy? They say no authority can revoke this decree. it is for Washington to say whether they arc supreme. "Ah Americans wo demand action in the name of 125,000 citizens of our State, now and tho revocation of orders from Iluckraun und Duun." TEXT OF MESSAGE GIVEN OUT AT WHITE HOUSE. The White House gavo out the text of the foregoing message and also this reply by Secretary Christian: "Your telegram has been called to the attention of tho President and he directs nie to say In reply that army and navy commandus (Continued on Twcnty-first Page.) BIG FIGHT NOT FOR N. Y. (in. Miller "Wouldn't Ailtlur lief in llrmiiNpy .Meeting Cr pi'iitler Here. ALBANY, March IT Tnat the pro-' puM-d fight between Jack Dempsey and j litorgos CmTKtitlcr will not take place In this State was intimuted to-day by i.OV. MlllFI "I wouldn't advlit any one to hot that tht fight will be permitted In New York State.' the Ciovornur said ' Mitlei Clnlint t .iptiirr of Kronslnili. .:,.'. U..rjh 1" !(! r'"ii. pi llu-niar ni.m t- n. it n (l.t that th'. H iK1 iuii ui'. M.'i-.t..rtt f-orr. t:.' it k'luWunttfin Vulnifrtay nmht -.ii i . Mutt1 ennlf riili'iiilnr In firrrn Ink M.HANY Marel, 17 The Knite ( -da titif-ned St Patrick' Day by i.uving tho calendars printed In groen ink.

R y 4 ROBBERS 2. 00 IN Mrs. Henrietta Deffelicio, a Mother of Nine, Meets Death in Brooklyn Home. 2D WOMAN GAGGED. She Managed to Drag Herself to Window and Give the Alarm Men Escape. Four men broke Into the apnrtment or Mrs. Henrietta Deffelicio, No. IDS Columbia Street, Brooklyn, this after noon, Killed her with a gag thrust too deeply Into her, throat, and robbed her of $2,500 In money and Jewels. They also bound and gagged Mrs. Kosu Mundltto, 'who lives In tho same apartment, 1mt she was not seriously injured. The -two women were alone In IHo apartment when tho bandits ai Ivrd. It wau'.flome time after thoy had gone tli.it'llTSj ilnndltto managed to 1 Imp to the' wlndow in spite of her bound legs. Her hands, ton, were bound, but with her head she lifted tho sash and leaned out until her slrnngo ap pearance attracted the attention of Patrolman .William Conway of Traf fic D She was observed at tho name time 3iy her husband, Louis, who was on his way home. The husband and the polirnmnn to gether ran up tho four flights of stairs and Into tho apartment, ily thlsi time Mrs. Mandltto had worked her self partly free of tho gag. It w(as evident that sho was In less trouble than Mrs. Deffelicio. First attention tliorcftiro was glvo to the latter. Her arnxi were tied lohind hrr nnd her feet bound together. Thero was a towel bound about her face with u rope, .but tho cause of death was found to bo a handkerchief slufed far back In her throat. Captain of Detectives John .Mr CloaUey went to tho apartment with a squad of his men. They obtained such descriptions! as they ennld of the four bandits and w uopulul of making early ar ne.e they got a good start In . r investigation. Mrs. Deffel o was tho mother of nine chlldnu. none of whom was at home. , State Asks For Discharge; Hopes to Get Evidence For New Indictments. niUCAGO. March 17. The State to-day dropped the cases against ah of tho Chicago White Sox basoball playorr) Indicted for tho alleged throw. In? of the, 1919 World Serif except Chick Uandil, who did not appear. Tlx etiur. wa taker, after Judge W..1.. tr K Di ' h ie refused to graft .i k.'ontinunne oi more tl.an sixt.v day :i. t'.it -' The State ut :'.aii.leij o..x months on the grounds that it would take that length of j time to gather evldene which would 1 g.ve the prosecution a chance of con vie.tlon Immediately after tho action had

KILLS WOMAN; EWB L HIS CAR IS SEIZED 5S Cases of Whiskey Found on the "Baysidc" in- Which He Was Travelling in Florida. MIAMI, Kla. March 17. Harry 8. IJlack, Chairman of the Board of tho George A. Puller Construction Com panyand mtlltt-mllllonalre. Is n Fed eral prisoner charged with, the un lawful possession of liquor. Mr. nittkV private car. "Hayslde." on which lie came to Florida, is in the custody of thu' United States on the siding at the East Coast station. Val ued at $100,000, the authorities aro preparing to start luoeecdlngx for Its confiscation and sale under tho Volstead act. According to United States Rn foree.mpnt officials a raid on the ear was made last evening: they discov ered fifty-three rases of whiskey valued at $8,000 in the car and on other Information they went to a bay front tract of land owned by Mr. Ulnck and tlieie took possession of five more cases of fine liquor. It is alleged that Mr. Itlaok ob tained the liquor Itrillmlnl and In tended to lake It to his homo n Now York. At tho ofrico of Harry S. Illnck, No. Ill Ilroadway, his sliiff said they had hrard nothing of his arrest at Miami, but that they know he was In that resort with his car. With his Chicago associates who came to New York ns pioneers in tho erection ot big buildings by whole sale, Mr, niack has been known tor many years for Ills elaborate hospi tality In this city and In Saratoga apd at the metropolitan tracks, the llfo of which he followed elosely. Among the early monuments to the enterprising and innovating spirit of the group nro the Flatlron Building at 23d Street and Ilroadway and tho Hippodrome. At hearings of the Look wood Committee on Housing vice presidents of the company told of JM, 000,000 worth of buildings under con struction to-day in this city and near ly as great projects under way In other cities. Mr. Black's apartment nt No. 6G" Madison Avenue has been In the care of a housekeeper slnco his departuro for the South, nnd no Information was obtainable thero as to the pro- j vlslnnlng of his private car for the Southern trip. t TO REVIEW THE DEBS CASE. . WASHINGTON, March 17. Irldcnt ; Hard Ins has anked Attorney fienoral Daugherty to review th1" cane of Bu genn V. Dots. .Soolallst Presidential j candidate In 1020 and now 5rvlnic a I sentence under the Iplo:ia(fe Act In , Atlanta penitentiary. The President Is understood to have acted in response to repeated appeals for another study ot tho evldonce on which Debs was convicted A similar review was made several months atro at the direction ot President WllKin, but Mr. Wilson decided against clem ency. beon taken, Ilobfrt L Crowe. State's Attomiy, announced that an attempt would be made to gather neu evi dence and that new Indictments would bt sought against the men. The players whose case were dropped wore those who had sur rendered and given ball, namely, Claude Wlllams. Joe Jackson, Oscar (Continued on Socond Page.)

BY DRY AGENTS iSTILLMAN KNOWN iRANfllTQ RIM SIY IN MIP .

AS LEEDS, WITNESS Mrs. Florence H. Leeds, as She Was Known, Lived on 86th St., Where Child Was Born. NAMED AT ST. IGNATIUS. Banker Declared to Have Been a Frequent Visitor at the House Under an Alias. The publication to-day( of tho con tents of an affidavit secured by at torneys for Mrs. Anno Urquhart Potter Stlllman from a 'former maid, named " tho woman against whom Mis. Stlllman's counter charges against thu action of President James a. Stlllman of tho National City Hank ure .based. Sho is called "Mrs. Florence 11. Leeds" In the af fidavit and it Is stated that sho lived In an apartment iu ICast Eighty- sixth Street and at Stony . Hrook, Long ln)inL,A child wui both- to her in the East Elghty-slxtli Streot house, Sopt. 17, 1018. According to Sophia liartkoir, the foiluer maid of "Mrs. Leeds," who sworo to tho af fidavit, she has Identified a photo graph of ".Mr. Ix-eds" as James A. Stlllman. The statement or Mrs. Ilartkotf la supKrted In part by thu records of the llureau or Vital Statistics that Jay Ward Leeds was born to "Frank lyn Harol Leeds" nnd "Florence Hel ena Lincoln Iceds" at No. 61 East bCttt Street Si-pL 17, 11S. Tho report was mado by I)r. Janitvt ,OkIIvU of No. 520 West I42d Street. Inquiry nt thu apartment house brought the statement that "Mrs. Leeds" and her child moved out of the apartment In July, 1'JIS; the baby had been christened at I tin Church of St. Ignatius Uiyola at Slth Street and Park Avenue. A woman whoso home was In the llroux und'who was known to the neighbors as a "sister of Mrs. Ixiwls" was with her much before and after tho birth of the baby anil frequently went ruling with her In the limousines that were al ways at the young mot tier's service. Tho supiKised married sisler lias denied flatly within a neck that she ever had a ttlsler named Florence. Her ruthcr, a contractor In a small way In the building trades, who lives In on unpretentious tenement on the upper west side, has also denied that there was u Florence mining his daughters. Neighbors and storekeepers In the vicinity have been amazed by theso denials of thu supposed father and married sister, as well as by the In formution that tlio mnlden name of "Mn. Leeds" is entered olllci.illy on tho records as "Lincoln." Theau 'per bong tell of a very beautiful daughtor (Continued on Twonty-thlrJ Page.) SCHOOLBOY HANGS SELF WHEN SCOLDED Yonkcrs Lad, Upbraided by Mother, Found Dad in Collar bv Brother. William lviness, sixteen, a pupil of School No. 2, YonKers, dlfhoartonod, Jt was said, bocausc he was seolclci at noon by his mother, Mrs. Mary I.ov1 noss, for failure to attend school regu larly, was found hanging from a beam In the ce'.'ar of his home. No. UVi Wav. i rly Streot. this afternoon .Ir Uvinr ii iowed hei son u note she hud received from the school principal commenting uion his un certain attendance Learn Inn he had not returned to school ting afternoon the mother sent her younger son, Arthur, twelve, to look for William, who found the body after an hour's oaxch.

unnuiiu unu uii in uiiui

NEAR FIFTH AVE. AND FE WITH 1100.000 IN JEWELS

Armed Robbers in Fochi Office in Past 48th Street Believed to Be Same Band That Killed Jeweller AndrewsGirl Tells of Hold Up. 4 Jewelry worth more than 100,000 Was taken by the four robbers who vesVrday evening held up the Fochl Manufacturing Company, Inc., on the eighth floor of No. 17 East 48th Street, it was announced to-day by N. Petroni, the firm's foreman, who was one of the six persons bound and thrown into a side room by the bandits.

VANDERBILT ART WORKS WERE SOLD Doctor's Complaint Results in Holding i Hjckard Sale Said . to Be Unauthorized. Dr. Preston V. Satlerthwalle of No. Ml Fifth Avenue nppeared as a com plainant before Magistrate Schwab tn-ilay In West Sldo Court against lllchurd Plclmrd Jr. of No. 4 West 57th Street, accusing him ot selling crjoets of art belonging to Mrs. W. K. Van derbllt from tho Vanderbllt home nt No. f.6i) Fifth Avenue when these ob jects were not for sale. Or. Snttcrthwulte. sutd tin hud bought n number r pictures from the Vandurb It homo through Pick a'rd as the authorised agent. Mo imlnted out four large sliver isin dolnbra when ut the Vanderbllt house Fell. II and Piokurd offered lliem to him for ,000. Dr. Satterth waltu said ho gave thu duller a check on tho Hankers Trust Com pany for tho amount mid ordered the eandelebra sent home. On his return from Palm neach a fev days iiko Dr. Salturthwultn mid lie found the big silver pieces had not been delivered. He learned from .Mrs. Vondnrbllt that she Itnd never olfered them for salu or consented to their a ilc. and that they were btill in tier possession. A warrant w1" sworn out ror Plekurd, and he w-.ui held Iu 2,000 hall for examination. SEIZED IN $183,000 ROBBERY OF BANK Prisoner and Securities Valued at $65,000 Taken at Hotel Arrsoirix Harry Ilnrnsteln, (No. 19 Ludlow Streot, mis arrested to-day In front of the Hotel Ansonla by Detective Sergt. James J. Gegnn and Detective tlcorgo McCartney of tho Homb Squad. The police ay securities worth 1G5.000 woro found on him, which were positively Identified as part of the $183,000 loot of tho hold up of the People's Bank nt Wyomls Mlng, 'I'a., on Feb. 4, when the bank olllclals were locked In the vault. Solomon Olrsch, No. 3SD Crlmmlns Avenue, tho Bronx, who was with Ilernstoln, wus also taken Into ous tody. Bernstein wus identified by Miss Bono Shanuhun of Heading, Pa., as the man who boarded with her and disappeared early in February. Murder t'hnrue Aim I nil I'olleriiinn I'IimmI In Dropped, The thargvji of munlri in th firt and e- ond degree Ii, tnt- liidL'ttie-ut again! Policeman Flood for the killing of .! boy were dlinlMeO on motion of William J- Kftllon, counsel for tho po Ikvmnn at the trial late this afternoon. Judge Nott ullowed the counts for man slaughter In the first and second desrso 4o stand.

y Detectives working on !h case are

convinced that tbo robber are tho somo men who on Dec 18 kllUd Ed win VV. Andrews In his JoweJry estab lishment ut No. 542 Fifth Avenuo anil escaped with $50,000 loot. Putronl sold that one of yesterday bandits, who covered an in the place with two re volvers, had mufflers on his pistols, such as were used by tho Andrews slayers. Petroni declared he was fa miliar with the dialect of the robbera and ha Is sure they are all Sicilians. ' In addition to cleaning out the firm's safe, which had been loft open, the robbers went through tholr vie. Urn's pockets, taking Jewelry and cash. One of them started to snateh a gold watch which Miss Bertha Ber shub, a young stenographer In the office, was wearing on a ribbon, but another bandit stopped him, saying: "Aw, she's only a poor girt. Leave her alone." Miss Horshab still has her watch. ' Tho police declare thu robbers are members of a well organized . gang who make u opeclalty of holding up Jewelry establishments nnd-plan their coups carefully In advance. In this rubbery their loot consisted of loose und mounted dlutnunds, platinum wtitehoM and other titutlmint tewelrY I.,, .hl(, .,, ,lrnl ,, p tronl declared that when a thorough cheeking 'up has been made the plun der may run far above tho $100,009 estimate. GIRL GIVE8 DETAILED STORY OF THE HOLD.UP. The tlrst detailed story of tho hold up wus obtained to-day from tlio stenographer. Miss liershab, who lives nt No. 1948 Prospect Avenue, tho llronx. "Two weil-drenscd men. who ap peared to be Italians, entered tho place about 5.30 o'clock," she said. "In the otllce were the head of tho rirtn, Caesar Fochl j Mr. Petroni, tho foreman; A. S. Bowers, a salesman; u Mr. Pelleonl, a friend of Mr. Fochl who had come to tell him goodby be fore going on a business trip; a fifth mun whom I do nut remember, and myself. "The men asked to seo somo scarf pins. They did not seo anything they liked and suggested that Mr. Foohl make them up something llko tho pin he was wearing. While they wero talking two other men, also well dressed and Italian in appearance, walked In, "Ono of tho newcomers drew two revolvers and covered everybody In tlio room. I think the other men also had revolvers, but I am not sure. Wlillo the man with two revolvers kept overybody In submission, the others produced several lengths ot stout cord and bound tho men's hands Then they approached me. "They did not treat me roughly, but they tied me to a chair. Thijn they bundled the men and myself into tho women's room and went at the safe, which hud been left open. They filled what looked to mo llko pillow coses with Jewelry. Two men departed with tho loot and tho two other men left later after warning us all to make no outcry." While Miss Berehab did not men tion It In her Interview, other victim


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-04-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280702/1921041601/0340.xml ===

PUAMHCQ IN RENT I AWQ ARC AD AMIMIUCn

To-Night't Weather RAIN. To-Morrowi Weather RAIN COLDER. ML EDITION EDITION '"Circulation Books Open to All." r" Circttlation Books Open to All." VOL. LXI. NO. 21,716 DAILY. l'sK,rZrUMnK NEW YORK, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1921. Entered as Heeond-Cla-M Matter Io.t Offlee. New York. N. Y. PRICE THREE CENTS

BUZZARD AND GALES KILL

Death List Grows in Wake of Arkars. sas-Texas "Twister" Trains From Denver Cancelled as Snow Covers Colorado Eleven States in Grip of Storm. CHICAGO. April IS. Blizzards and tornadoes swept the mid-West from tne Ilocky .Mountains to the Jtka Kegion to day, taking a heavy toll in lives and property damage and crippling communication and trans portation Hues. More tiin.it hCtcnij-nAr persons were r.-p' cl killed in meagro de-fcp.,ii-iif, concerning the tornado, which drove through Southwestern Aikaiibuo, after origiantiiiS near Tcxarkana. Early reports from Eastern T as inerclj mentioned great loss ot life In the wind storm there, without alU'iupling lu indicate the extent of the death toll The property damage in Tetis alne is estimated at $1,000,000.

Tlv Sturm spread across rluvcr " Biaii'H iMth tho folowlng results re-1 po: li d ur to noon. Arkansas. At least 60 Wiled; crops i levelled: homes destroyed over a wide nrc..- property loss hundieds of thous- ( aii'lf "f dollars Tt. -12 killed, four counties d i.ri'l to the e.ten of nearly' jl nnu.tmo 1 ,) . southern part of State .f . iit'l Ail telephone and tele-I g- .,.h v,-:rrs Into that territory no; d. ii -e iT.il deaths and many In- ' 'ZZlZZi Poi. - ..i.i tn-es across tracks i Vial. .una--Birmingham lilt by sixty mii'- an hour wind, which blew down ' fiatii' dw dungs, fences and trees. -JVe1 l IlJ'ilVU. I IVlH '.. i ohain Transportation and cc n-uun. cation lines paralyzed by n. i 1 ,i loot ot snow and sleet, ac companied by high wind; street car ai.e-, and mterurbans tied up; ship plus on Lake Michigan endangered. 1 .uiois-Scventy-nille-an-bour gale, at oiupdiued by heavy rainfall, heavy d.iiuif:'' to trees, frame buildlnga and it!' graph and railroad lines. mri- Two villages hit by cy clone with light damage. i .vp Heavy snow fall and sleet, a.n'iiip.inlid bv high winds, tielng ui, iralllc and damaging some prop- ' r ... iu.do Heavy snowfall, blocking iv. -ads and tietng up telegraph and t ifidiono wires. Idaho Worst spring bllzzaid In iit ai'H. ehra--ka Heavy snowfall with wi.ea down und ruilroads blocked. Un. ciin MUCH DESTRUCTION IN ARKANSAS AND PARTS OF TEXAS Death List Grows and Early LA-apatclies Report Great Property Damage. IIuPE. Ark., April IS. The death u-tal continued to grow as reports ii irkli'J In from the rural districts of Texas and Arkansas, which were bwi pt by a nulo-wldo tornado late j ihlenlay. indications were tho death toll voiild exceed tifty. with seventy-live to eighty fatalities already unotll c lally reported, as follows: .Miller County, twelve; Dolph, twentj; Washington, four; Marl brook, twelve killed, fifty Injured; Northeastern Texas, twelve killed; U.evins, llfteen to twenty killed. itesiiiu parties wore rushed Into I't j from ill d.: n.tions. Uoi'to-y i fci". - l ii J clt..tna Ini'-rifdly elauv .i.t auioiiiobilet. lasi night ami 1 "i.iij. I inlo tliE i am u aid tho suf Iflnr Tie Htor.ii, .-i.iriiii! near Toxar- tona, swept noriniMBt. I. was inort

L I MEEHNG IS CALLED Government Still Pushing Its Plans to Combat General Tie-Up. LONDON. April M. A conference between delegates of the Miners' Fed eration of Great Britain and reprc scntatlvcs from all coal districts in the United Kingdom, at which tho coal strike situation will be con sidered, was to-day tlxed for next Friday, April 22. In the mean time work will not be resumed In any of the coal Melds affected by the miners' strike. The executive council of tho Triple Alliance this afternoon issued tho following statement, explaining can epilation ot tho general strike order: "No reasonable hope remalnod of securing the spontaneous, united ac tion to essential to give the miners the assistance sought. A partial. hopelessly inadequate sympathetic etriko would have weakened tho three organizations' power. We re gret there was no other course open to us. Tho Government has not relaxed in tho slightest Its preparations to meet a general str'.Ko In spite of the apparent collapse of the threatened walk-out. Plans for the movement of milk and other food supplies are be.ng steadily pushed and recruiting for tho emergency guard continues unabated. It is said in official circles that this Is due to the fact that workers of the various organizations outside tho miners' union would bo most likely to reverse their decision not to strike If tho Cabinet were to show tho slightest disposition to regard thj whole affair as a closed Incident. Opinion prevails In some quarters that tho action of the railroad woik era and the transport men means tho death warrant of the "Triple Al liance." This view is not held unl vc really, but, without doubt, the spilt which developed yesterday will have a serious effect upon tho rank and file of labor "Yesterday was the htui.'.t d le.it ' that has befallen labor within the memory of man,'' begins the laborite Herald's comment on tho sensational break away of the railroad men and transport workers. "It Is no use try

AT 71 ; HIS BRIBE Justice Robert F. Wagner, Old Friend of Groom, Performs Ceremony at Hotel. SHE DIVORCED 3 DAYS. Union Is Result of Romance Dating From Lecture in the Home Town of Woman. Samuel Gompors, President of the American Federation of Labor, and . Anna A'l.nerslcy Cleaves Neu- fichelcr, who is thirty-three years his Junior, were married at 10.45 o'clock this morning In an apartment at the Hotel "Woodward, 53th Street and Broadway. Tho ceremony was per formed by Justice Kobcrt V. Wagner of the Supromo Court, an old friend ot the groom. After a wedding breakfast the bridal pair set out for Toronto, whore Mr. Gompers will lecture before the Empire Club. Upon their retvrn they will make tbelr home In Washington. Although Mr. Gompers ts seventy- one years old, and Mrs. Gompers thirty-eight, and each has been prev iously married, both were palpably nervous before, during and after the ceremony. Mr. Gompers, betting aside his familiar skull cap for once, put on his slouch hat after the cere mony and wort it most of the time ho was Indoors. The best man wns John Monison and Mrs. Morrison was matron or honor to tho bride. Among those who attended the ceremony were Mrs. Sara Conboy, International Secretary and Treasurer of tho United Textile Workers of America; B. A. Larger, International Secretary of the United Garment Workers of America; Mrs. Irvln Brown and Miss Klsle Gleaves, both of Trenton, sisters of tho brluc; ltobert Itucker and William J. Ash ley, Mr. Gompers's personal attorney. Mrs. Gompers wore a bluo trico- t.ne tailored dress, straw toque, and Mr. Gompers wns In a blue serge suit with white silk shirt and Mue cravat. They posed for the movies after the wedding. Tho marriage of Mr. Gompers and Mrs. Neu.schcler comes of an ac quaintance which began a number of years ago when tho labor leader waa lecturing In Trenton, then the home of Mrs. Ncuschelcr's parents. Her father, an artist potter, mot and (Continued on Second Page.) DEAD IN BATHROOM FROM PISTOL SHOT Mr. Strickland Believed to Have Been Killed Taking Weapon From Top of Cabinet. Daniel D. Strickland, General Su perintendent of the Frederick Loeser department store in Brooklyn, was killed this morning by the discharge of a revolver in the bathroom of his home, No. 82 1'lerrepont Street, Brooklyn Members of his family, said Mr. Strickland was preparing to make a wick-end visit to hts daughter in Bos ton and wm packing a bag. One of the things he wanted to put in it was a revolver, which ha kept at the top of a bathroom cabinet. To reach it he had to step on the bath tub. It is believed that when he stepped down tho revolver 'was ac cidentally discharged. The bullet went through Mr. Strick land's temple At the Loof" r store It n.lb sn.d Mr I Strickland was a popul.u executive He wits In the best of spirits when ho left the storo yesterday. Besldea tho daughter In Boston Mr. Strickland Is survived by a son, EOSlJi iu ftfid 24

III Mother Who Climbed Down Well to Save Baby Finds Herself a Heroine

mm "Any Mother Would Have Done It" Woman's Only Comment. Mrs. Norman Girling is a farmers wife and until this morning New York had never heard of her. To-day. sho Is literally bewildered by tho attention sho Is getting from everywhere. The nelghliors are sending flowers and letters and mak ing personal calls to gret her as a heroine. The police of !' nearest town, Greenburgh, N '. , have sent their compliment . aere is a move ment on foot a Carnegie medal for Mrs. Girl'iig And the story of what she did has been tolegraphed to all parts of tho country. She Is famous, and sho wonders why, Her child, Norman Franpls Gliling, fifteen months old, fell Into a well esterd.iy. The mother who s ex pected to glvo birth to another child in a day or two simply went dowji into the well, about twenty feet, ait 1 :isrued the little boy She sii.s nolh

MILLENNIUM MAY BE IN SIGHT; LIGHT CO. WANTS NO INCREASE, UNION MEN CUT THEIR PAY

Corporation Withdraws Application for Higher Rate Because Coal Drops Binghamton Me chanics Voluntarily Slash Wage Scale. CA.MDIJN, .Y J April 10. The Hammonton L'lectrio Light Com pany has withdrawn an application for an increaso in rates with the explanation that the price of coal has dccllued so greatly since tho application was tiled that there is ho necessity now tor tho increase. Jotepli Thomjson, t-ounsel for tso company, appeared before, tho Board ot Public Utility Commissioners and asked that the application Un cancelled. The application .was for a 2li per cent increase. IllMillA.MTON, N. V, April Hi. Three bii.lding trades unions have announced voliiniii i udiinion in wage hiales and a hiiilditii: boom In llingliamton is Hie result. The structural iron workein last night announced a reduction from ?1 to 87 1-2 cents an hour. The V1: Mtors' I'nion lias agreed to decrease its walo from $1 to 85 cent un hour and tho sheet metal workers from SO cents un hour to their charter scale of 70 ccata an hour.

Bra mg unusual in what sho did. But others do. When an Evening World reporter called at tho Girling home to-day Mrs Girling was busy about her household duties as usual. Tho only apparent difference from yesterday was that the ohildren, of whom there aro three, were being kept indoors until the well top can 'be made secure again. "Any mother would have done it," she said. "Why all this fuss?" When she was asked to describe just how she made her way safely down the slippery sides of the well, which Is about three feet wide, and then managed to climb up again, bur dened by both the half drowned child she carried over her shoulders and by the child soon to bo born, she said she did not know. She had no mem ory ot details. Sho had acted by Instinct. Tho Glrllngs ltvo at Knollwood and Knrtsdalo Koadsi, well back from the (Continued on Second Page.)

NAMED BY MILLER; J-torkness and O'Ryan Other Members Prendergast Chairman of P. S. C. SENT TO SENATE TO-DAY Mr. Prendergast Designated for the Long Term Expir ing on Feb. 1, 1931. ALBANY. April 16. Gov. Miller's long awaited nominations for tho Transit Commission In New York City and the reorganized Public Ser vice Commission were sent to the Senate to-day for confirmation. Tho Transit Commissioners ap pointed arc George McAneny, Chair man, of Now York; Leroy T. Hark noss, of Brooklyn, and Major Gen. John F O'Byan, of New York. Tho Public Service Commissioner aro: William A. Prendergast of Brook lyn, designated as Chairman, and for the term expiring Fob. 1, 1931; Will iam It. Pooley of Buffalo for the term expiring Feb. 1, 1929; Charles Van I Voorhls of Hochestcr for the term ex piring Feb. 1. 1927; Oliver C. Semplc of Mew York for tho term expiring Frib l, 1925, and Charlea G. Blakeslcc of Binehamton for the term expiring Feb 1, 1923. Mr. MoAncny Is a former newspaper man and has been Prewldent of the Borough of Manhattan, President of the Board of Aldermen and Acting Mayor of New York. Gen. O'Byan Is too well known to need further special mention, his ex plolts over sca.s being still fresh In tho memory. Mr. Hnrkness wns oncn assistant counsel to the public Servic; Commls slon and was chief of tho Itapld Trim nit Bureau of tho public Servico Com mission. IIu was a Major during the war and connected with the United Stnte.s Railroad Administration. It seems there Isn't n chance to keep Al Smith out or office. The former Governor has been made one of the Commissioners of the Port Authority, with a term extending to July 1, 1902. The others are Kugene II. Outer- bridge, a director of the Uqultahle Life Assurance Company: Vice Presl dent and Managing Director of the l'antasote Leather Compnny of New Jersey, and Lewis If. Pounds, former Borough President of Brooklyn. The State Tax Commissioners are Walter W. Law Jr., of Brlarcllffe Manor, who is mado president for the term expiring Jan. 1, 1927; Jonn Jake 1 Merrill of Alfred for the term cxplr 'ng Jun. 1, 1925 and Walter If. Knapp 1 of Cananda.gua for the term expiring I Jan. 1. 1923. I Law Is a former State Senator; 1 Merrill has been a member of tho ' State Tax Commission since 1917 and is one of the oldct men In the State in the tax work. Mr. Knapp was former president of the State Tax i Commission. Frank S. Gannon of Wont Now Brighton, Itlchmond County, has been named Justice of tho Suprumo Court Second District, to succeed Almet F. Jenks, resigned. Leroy T. Harkness said respecting his npiKilntmciit to tho Transit Com mission: "The chart of tho commission's course In generally outlined In Gov Miller's messages and In his letters to Gen. Bridgeman and Mr. Cr.m ford. There is nn iiniiHiial oppor tnnity for a tremendous, eonsuva tlM' accomplishment, and while those (selected by the Governor to do this work uppreeiiite in full the grca'. compliment involved in their selec tion, they accept their designation with the deepest senhu of their obll eaUon ts th public." . .

M ANENY AT HEAD

CHANGES IN HOUSING LAW ABANDONED AS LEGISLATURE APPROACHES CLOSING HOUR

Amendments Were Designed to

Make it Easier for Landlords One of Most Important of Cotillo Bills to Curb Exchange Sharks Is Passed.

By Joseph S. Jordan. Staff Correspondent of Tho Evening World.) ALBANY', April 16. Minus most ot the color usually attending ad

journment, tho Legislature this afternoon prepared to call It a year's work and go home. The gavel would fall sometime before midnight.

In tho Senate there were moro usual at tho close ot a first year for sembled n hot-house. It was decided at tho 11th hour ments, ono of which applies to Now County. These aro tho amendments four months' notlco to tho tenant ot

and gives the tenant up to within thirty days of the expiration of tho lease

lo say whether ho will continue to VOTING MACHINE BILL IS PASSED Makes Tlieir Use Mandatory in New York and Other Cities of State. AJLBANY. April 16. Under an emergency message from Gov. Mlllor the Assembly to-day by a vote of 130 to 12 passed the Tolbert bill de signed to make mandatory tho use of voting machines In Now York and other llrst class cities. The negative votes wcro cast Democratic members. by TWELVE HOUSES BURNED IN KERRY Reprisals Follow Shooting of Major Mackinnon at Tralee on Friday. COItK. April 16. A docn houses were burned to-day In Hullymacclli cott, County Kerry, Including a presbytery In which priests resided, following the shooting to death of Major i.Maoklnnon, commander of a company of auxiliary on tho Tralee golf course Friday afternoon. There have- been no reprisals In Tralee, where the military took ohnrgc of the town. All the shops have been closed and business suspended. Ln Ballydwyer a creamery, which previously had ibecn burned and re constructed, was again burned. A young civilian running on the ap proach of military lorries was shot dead. BLAST OF WINTER DUE HERE SUNDAY Freejug Weather Predicted in Eastern btatcb and South to Kentucky. WASHINGTON, April lfi. Another blast of winter Is In store for Eastern and Southern States to-night and to morrow, the Weather Bureau an nounced to-day. The Mississippi Valley disturbance of M-sterday is swinging northeast vurd wit' irtezins temperatures In 11 wake lor nhio Valley. T'liressee and Ili-tern l'!f rt" ites to. night and K.iHtern and Soothwi hlein Stiite Sunday und Sum! ly night, It said, the freize lo ;e.n li South to Western Ki ntucky to-night with light frosts la Northern JUaplaoippi. ,

bouquets for tho members than la

tho Senators, while tho Assembly re not to press two ot tho liouslug amend York City and tho other to Westchester wmcn permit we lanuiorus to grvo his willingness to continue tho lease occupy Uio promises for another year, t So mucin opposition developed In the Senate over the amendments that Senator lockwood decided not to at tempt to pass them for fear of Jeotiardlzlng the rest of the amend ments. Tho remarkablo part of the opposition wns that it came from both tenants and landlords. The fourth bill of Senator Salvo tor iA. Cotillo correcting tho evils of tho money transmission buslncns was reported out of tho Hulcs Committee and is scheduled for final passage be fore tho aiwwion ends. This Is ono of tho most Important as wtll an one of the most drastic lillls of the nerles. It provides thai' every private banker must tranr money within flvo days after hejC eclves tho same. In any action against such prlvato banker to re cover money deposited for tranjmls Klon tho burden of proving Uio trans mission to and the ruceipt of the money by tho person to whom such money wns directed to be paid, shall bo upon such private banker. At present tho burden of proof Is on the plaintiff. All that Is necessary for the private twinker to do is to set up his alfldavlt that the money was transmitted. The person who de posited the money must then prove that the money was not received by the party to whom It was sent. This would entail the appointment of a commission abroad. Violation is punishable by a fine of $100 or imprisonment for ono year, ot loth. Aseiriblyman John R. Carew amendment to the labor law, to In clude, among those within the Juris diction of the Compensation Act all Stato and city employees has been Ikis-sed by the Senate and now goes to tho Governor. ENDS LIFE SHORTLY BEFORE WEDDING Jersiy Fanner, 66, Told Neighbor He Preferred Death to Warriage Leaps Before Train. CA.MDI1.V, N. J.. April 16. George. Wale, sixty-six, a fanner living ul SVilllamstown, was to have been mar ried to Mm. Mamie Boston of Cam. ilen at 2 o'clock this afternoon. In stead, ho Jumped In front of a train at the Willlamstown railroad station and was killed. Hubert McLcestor, a neighbor of Wale, said the latter told him he would commit suicide rather than b? married. Illll tu KnuMe Um.dr.xt WIi to Pl'uetlec l.im. "si I ' Tiw heri'n3 World l I.HNY. prll M.- lnv. Miller hM miH to th" legislature an eiiuTKency mvm ige to a bill grunting permission In former president Wnodrow Wilson to practice Ihw In tho titto without th nti-cjoilty of an examination. This bill 'will bo psLXiod toy both houses.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-04-16, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280702/1921041601/0342.xml ===

7 THE EVENING WORLD, SATURDAY, APRIL16, 1921. SB"

B. T. WQULB CUT Evening World Contention for Change Borne Out by At torney for Cmpany. Prices to Consumer Would Be Reduced if 22-Candle Stan dard Is Abandoned. By Sophie Irene Loeb. 'J'hiit New York City need not rny $1.50 per thousand feet or an such exorbitant gum for gas, us is now being charged pending tin' .Supremo Court decision, is evident In the light of The Even ing World's Investigation. By changing the gas standard f om a 22-candlo power to a Brit ish thermal unit standard, which ii. o- not impair the efficiency, a drop in prices could be secured, and dmibtless all the court cases eliminated. As explained in these columns, the gas oil is one of the chief clo nic nf- tnut goes to making tho '"gf puce of gas. To inaKo t' o letont requirement of U2-c.mdlo newer, winch includes an approv-im-iie average of I'.oQ H. T, U ri .Uir a about 4 1-10 gallons of gas oil per thousand cubic feet. To make, say, a 32S British thei niJT un i gas would require only three gallons of gas oil. The Consolidated (Jus System mono lost your used 140,000,000 gallons of gas oil to fhako 37,000. ooo.ouo reet of gas, approximately. This would mean a saving of over $5,000,000 in gas oil alone, at tho present rate of 12 1-4 cents imr gallon, which the Consoli dated is now paying. As Is generally known, the price of the gas oil has dropped since this contract was made by the Consolidated Company for gas oil, but the gas corporations have one way out of this contract, and could avail themselves of a cheaper gas oil. How? In tho frame way suggested tiy Tho Kvenlng World changing toe standard of gnu from candle power leipilicmrnt to Hritish thermal unit measurement. According to the statement of William L. Hansom, Counsel for the Consolidated Gas Company, made only last month, tho fol lowing slgnillcant statement gives assurance that It could be done : "Th Consolidated Gas Com pany has made but a six months' i contract at 12' 'z cents for 70,000, 000 gallons with a provision that if the New York authorities adopt , B. T. U. standard, that this would be immediately reflected in a reduction in the contract quantity of oil that the fjas com pany need be bound to take. "Thus, if the 525 B. T. U. standard were at once adapted, such as Connecticut, Massachu setts and Philadelphia now enjoy, at least a gallon less of oil per thousand cubic feet of gas would ba required and this would be nearly 12 cents saving from the present figure of $1.50." Another significant statement made by Mr. Hansom about the name tune, showing that rcdue f ns eun he made and that this high contract can be changed If now standards mo adopted, is us follows: "At the piesent time a late of t.30 will do no more than pay actual operating expenses and a return of nut more than 7 per cent, on the actual investment at computed by the court. The rate at present fixed by the company will, accordingly, be $150. This rate will be dec-reuse when and as the operat ing costs decline. The company frankly doeH not expect to de . .-ease the rates of pay to Its cm o'oyees. If the cost of gas oil, generator coal and gas coal comes down, decrease In this rate will be promptly made." The counsel for the corporation t plaius the making of this 12 1-4 cents per gallon contract as fol ' lows: "Counsel for rome of the de fendants have tried In tho public pies-s to fasten responsibility for t'us increased cost of gas upon tills company's present contract for gas oil, which is at the rate of 12 1-4 cents per gallon. "This explanation does not ex plain. In 1920. down to the mid dle of December, this company paid only 7.1 cents per gallon for Its gas oil. whereas other com panies were paying 12 1-2 cents to 15 cents per gallon." But the counsel adds: "The company has said many times on the record in court, and now repeats: It does not wish to pay more for gas oil than is necessary to secure nood quality and certainty of supply." i (H.i.KfiRs r.irr cwixkcii: aid. The Carnegie Foundation for the Ad Fniieemcnt of Teaching announced hero vesterday It had added Converso Col lego at Spartanburg, S. C, and Wash ington and Leo University at Ixlng ton, Vn., to the list of Institutions as (Delated with Its work. Klghty-two In- stltutions. forty-three of which have -3ya mo now contracture! plan vu allowances, uuw are associated Jio foundation.

U. COST LACK OF A "LIMP" AND ALERT ROOKIE FOILS AUTO THEFT Man Who Left Cr Lame, None of Three Who Got In Limped,' Policeman Saw. The keen eyo of a rooklo policeman resulted In the capture early to-day of three men who are alleged to have tried to steal an automobile In the Bronx. Frank McPhllllps, on the force a month and attached to the Morrlsnnla Station, Is the cop with the camera eya He saw o man, who later proved to bo Francis Dlnklnger of No. 2247 Walton Avenue, Bronx, drive his car to the curb in front of No. 3591 Third Avenue and leave It. He noticed the man limped.. About 2 A. M. McPhlllips was pass ing the car again when he saw three men, none of them with a limp, get In It." He hurried toward them and they Jumped out and ran north to 168th Street. They paid no attention to his com mand to slop and he fired several shots as they turned Into 16Sth Street Policeman John Graver Joined in the chase as the men ran north on Wash Ington Avenue, and, ho also fired sov cral shots, the noise arousing tho neighborhood. Two men were caught at 170th Street and Third Avenue und the third ran Into the cellar of an apart ment hous.e, where MoPhllllpa found htm. The men denied trying to steal the automobile, saying they mistook it for a car belonging to a friend They were 'held In the Morrlsanta Court in $2,500 each, charged with attempted grand larceny. They de scribed themselves as Charles Cole man, twenty, of No. 1840 Belmont Avenue; Joseph Mahon. twenty-four, of No. 4261 Third Avenue, ana Philip Karrell. twenty-one, of No. 630 Kast 170th Street. BAIL FOR PLUMBER NOW IN PRISON Knight, Who Is Serving Term With Hettrick, Gets Reasonable Doubt Certificate. John Knight, one of the plumbers serving a term in the penitentiary to ue the Hettrick "code of practice" to restrain competition, obtained from Justice On vegan In the Su preme Court to-day a certificate of reasonable doubt. Justice Ciavegan said that the con tention of Knight that he had gained Immunity from prosecution by the act of the Atorney General In con stituting himself as a Magistrate to conduct an examination before trial nt which Knight did not have tho henoflt of counsel, at least furnishes grounds for the appeal, though he Is I doubtful of Its success. Tho action of the Attorney General, the Court said, Involved tho question as to whether Knight's rights wero in vaded under the guise of a war-time necessity. The Court had no course but to grant the certificate, he said, as a stay of the execution of the sen tence of Imprisonment pending the decision of the Appellate Division and -until then Knight may have Ms freedom under bond. THEIR LOUD TOGS LED THEM TO CELLS Grandmother s Hoarded $10,000 Enables Two Youths to Sport Thirty Suits Each. The rcp!endcnt nttife of Oeorge Welland and (Jeorge Attilo. youths who shared a room at No 128 Knst 137th Street and appeared In varied suit and overcoats and hats and tics in the company of attractive young women In Harlem nightly for tho last two weeks, engaged the attention of De tectlves Murphy, Shields und'f'u.'lcy of tho Kast 126th Street Station, who called on them to-day to ask what tho "big nolso was nil about. Welland, according to the detectives, admitted thnt he had taken $10,000 from a hiding place where It was kept by his grandmother, Mrs. ICmlly Welland of No 128 Kast 12"th Street, with whom he and Attilo lived up to three weeks ago. They had bought thirty suits of clothes each, ten overcoats and raincoats, and silk fchlrts by the dozen. Wei land said ho had Just $10 left and would as soon be arrested as attempt to square hlmrelf with the "three Janes liu hud dated for to-nti;ht." The detectives said they found a re volver In a suit claimed by Attilo. Well- charged with grand larceny and xttllo -with violation of tho Sullivan law.

$40,000 IN SEIZED WHISKEY ORDERED BACK TO OWNERS

New 'Ruling by Appeals Court Prevents Such Raids Under an Old Law. WARNING BY LEACH. Liens to Be Put on Property if the Day Law Is Violated. An order signed to-day by United States Commissioner Hitchcock di recting the return to the United States Distilling Company, No. 358 West 43d Street, of $0,000 worth of whiskey In cases and flasks seized bj Prohibition Agent Robert D. Murphy on Oct. 22, 1920, brings tho total val uation of seized whiskey and wines returned to original owners In Man- nauan uunng wie puai. hr ujf iw $100,000. The order restoring the seized whiskey to the United States Distilling Company was made tinder tho new ruling of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, sitting In South Carolina, that the Volstead Act su perseded the provisions of the Re vised Statutes of 1868 under which the seizure was made. Murphy bought some whiskey from tho distilling company and paid for It in marked bills. Then he obtained a search warrant and grabbed all tho Unuor the company had. GrlftUhs,

Sarfaty & Content were retained to Scllolar, sportsman und coldlcr. Wes brlng suit to recover the whiskey and lcy G rirocker. tnt. Harvard Junior to-day's order Is the result. , who has Just won the Francis Hardon One hundred and ninety-seven ar- rjurr scholarship "for qualities of rests have been nude und large character, leadership, scholarship and quantities of liquor seized in the last athletic ability," Is living proof of 24 hours, it was announced to-day by two facts of interest to every Amen. Deputy Police Commissioner Leach, can boy and his father. In charge of police enfotcemnt of The first fact Is that college need prohibition. Mr. Leach also gives be no "waste of time," but rather warning to property owners to see fine forcing house for natural abilities, that no liquor 1s manufactured or The second fact Is that the poor sold on their premises, on danger of but ambitious and hard-working col tlndlng their ,property tied up in the lego boy has quite as good a chance courts, as tho young man of wealth and "Section 1,21443 of the State Prohl- , social position to win tho highest bltlon law provides that when persons prizes. have reason to believe their property , Wesley Brocker, besides the scholar Is being used In the manufacture or , ship Just awarded to tilin as this sale of liquor, and suffer such use to year's representative of the most per continuc, their property Is subject to , feet type of Harvard student, made a lien and may too sold to pay fines, Ins football "H" In the Yale game nenaltles and costs against tho vio- last fall, playing as guard.

later said Mr. Leach, "wnne tne act n'rovldes for the bonding of auto- , mobiles which may fee seized in Pro- I hibition enforcement, there lfl no pro- ' vision for bonding liens on real In the courts Prohibition Commissioner Cramer has ordered tho return of $100,000 worth of wine seized three weeks ago In tho warehouse of the Garrett Wine Company, No. 110 IJowery. and In flvo retail stores controlled by the com pany. It Is held that this Is legiti mate sacramental wine to be sold to Jews for ceremonial occasions. The remaining $60,000 worth of re covered liquor went to numerous small claimants. Griffiths, Sarfaty & Content expect to recover shortly for the United "States Distilling Com pany $80,000 worth of whiskey seized In a car In a railroad yard subse quent to the warehouse seizure of Oct. 22. - The cobbler snop oi tiosano ljicaio and Salvator Kiccaro at No. 2C0 Ave nue H came to the attention of Now York's hooch-hunting ponco yester day because so many men wero seen to enter the shop without bundles of shoes and to leave without parcels. Directives Giordano ana lingers went In and looked arounu. iney sayi they saw a man enter ana take a dasii of whiskey out of a shoe on the shelf. Then they found other glasses of nllcBea wnisney in "mcr nuca mm about five gallons in ooines ajiu demijohns. Llcato nnd Hlccaro weie arraigned in Yorkville Court this momlng and hcldjn $500 bail. LEFT TRUST FUND TO HIS FIANCEE John Glackner, Cigar Manufac turer, Provided for Miss Anna Freund. In the will of John Glackner, whole sale cigar manufacturer, filed for pro- bato to-day In the Surrogate's Court, tho deceased left to his fiancee. Miss Aniiu, , , .., , i Freund, one-quarter of a $t00,00 trust fund, as well as household furniture, fur nishings, silver, china and glassware. While no petition was filed with tho document, which was dated Feb. 21, 1919. the cigar man's cstato is approximated at $1,000,000. Frederick H. Pcarce of Hempstead, V. 1.. and the Hankers' Trust Company are executors and trustees. After providing for his fiancee, whom he was about to marry, the testator pro vides for his threft children by appor tioning tho remaining three-quarters of the trust fund to them. A clause In the will provides that should thu residuary estate reach more than JtOO.000 an addi tional fund of $100,000 is to be created for Miss Freund. Hoy l ull" t Street From "I." '1'rnlni rintfonn. I Abraham Fcrtel, sixteen. No, 11 37 1 35th Street, Ilrooklyn, fell early to-day from a platform of un eustbound Culver lino elevated train to the street, a dls- ' tancc of sixteen lent. He was taken to the Jowisn liosoital. where '.ie is sut- i 1 feritig from a potnlbly fractured skull. J

estate, property owners must awu.i one-half courses dlt leader told the victims to keepl""" "",' ,r""-, , lr,r in enforcement of tho law, or, when . rradc c in ono courst. . ' , ""' "MM Mr!4 stokes concedes her children hey try to sell or mortgage property, PUpfle the roml.S or W-fr.hnmn IUl0t nm ,U, , h'U- 'P me" 'Cf A" arc th-lr father and that h. thev may find It is tied up for years year, he interrupted his college career, soon 08 1,10 l00'- rlsei1 ' victims has been Invariably kind to Uem. tney ma una j .- , ,i,.hi, .' smashed the nearest windows otxmlni? Nevertheless, one of Mrs. Stoke

Poor Boy Proves Success At Harvard, in Football

And as Officer in Army

Wesley BrOCker, With No Mil ionaire Father, and With a Public School Preparation, Wears a Phi Beta Kappa Key, Two Army Wound Stripes, a Football "Hi" and Now He's Winner of the Coveted Francis H anion Burr Scholarship. f.fvil toTlw Ktonlre trot hi I CAMHRIDGK. Mass.. Anrll in unu n mu jumui cikiu m "be taken into Phi Hcta Kappu. a few - ,""iln"h'- - ' " "V" casir of Wc8ley Hrockcr means that in ins studies nc made urauo A (inn tlon of war. His war record is a line one. Ho had eighteen months of ser- vice ovirsens, was First Lieutenant, and aftenvnrd Captain. Ho took part 1 in three major engagements, was cltod for heroism in tho battle of Chateau Thierry and was wounded in uu 11 res uurms iiiik raiiiu, One of tho remarkable features In the winning of his "H" was that he overcame this war Injury sutlleiently to "go out" for football on his return to college. Yet this winner of great prizes from his college nnd his country entered aristocratic Harvard without the prestige of a Hack Hay family, a millionaire father or even a famous preparatory school. Ho did his "prep" work in the public high school of his native town, Llndstrom, Minn., and came to Harvard ns a student with scanty funds. His own modest point of view Is that his case Is no exception to tho rules, that ho only did what any other fellow with tho will power might do. "My ease is no exception, so fir as Harvard Is concerned," he insist ed to-day. "A chap has no reason whatovor to feel that financial con auicratinn can hinder him tram gct- ting attend in college. If he wants to ,ifl nnvthlnir. and ha. ro.iiiv ihn -iu to do it, he will find a way. Money , imoum never oe considered. Is what ( no wants worm while'.' That Is tho point, jr it is worm while, then he should go ahead, desnlte hamlirans. "The reports of Hnrvnid indiffer ence are greatly exaggerated. And the university is no more snobbish than any other college. Tin- student of small means has as good a chance here, If not bettor, than ut most in stitutions." Iliocker's friends elievc there has been no more worthy bidder of the Francis Hardon Hurr scholarship, which Is awarded annually to the deserving "undergraduate who com bines ns nearly as possible Ilurr's re markable qualities" Francis Hardon Hurr, or "I iooks -iiurr, ns he Is nffec- tlnnntcly remkmbere nred In Cambridge. was of tho class of "09. nnd captained' victory the 1908 football eleven which bent Yale I to 0 nnd started Harvard's inn? string of victories over the Hltie. Hurr was first mar shal of his class and graduated with distinction. Ho died of tvphold fevrr two years nfter hN gradnatlim. while a student in tho Harvard law school Weslev Itrncker, entitled to wear war nervier stripes, n Phi tola Kappn key nnd an "H" on h'i sweater, will return to college nexl '-ill. anil ,-iir.iin be a candidate for the football eleven He is preparing to he n mining en gineer upon his graduation Never theless, the New York executives who nr looklnsr every year for "liricht vnunt; men," should find It worth wlille to Interview Wfvilev Mroekerln the spring of 1922. They need h's sort !n their h'lslnes'". Ilnj. seventeen, f.iillty if Murder, Peter Nunzlata. seventeen, of So. II vlcted yesterday of murder In the first degree tiy ttiu yueens county Court for I taking part on Feb 25 at Woodh iven BiincKing nnu roimiiig me i.ne nor Wilfred P Kotkov, professor of phllosn- phy nt the J Willi Theological Suini- u.iry, this city. Judge Him ihri'v uet Monday lor sentence. Tho Jury vaa out luo hjiui'o.

... . n i. ipNii in mix nn.i nnn. i i r rn r iv iii'ri i mi Ki'nriMi w:ih nvnr 11111 im.i

ft Mr i annum n minim !

HKVLU DM U o

Y 1 I , EAST SIDE PARTY Line Victims Un Airainst Wall A Ti . i Jewelry Five Arrests. Harry Itrownsleln was entertaining twenty guests In his apartment on the second floor of No. 101 Orchard Street at 1.30 A. M. to-day when tho door liell rang. Tho Bursts, all men, are understood to havo been play ing craps. Flvo masked men, with drawn re volvers, pushed their way in when tho door was opened, and tho lender gav6 tho order, "Hands, up!" Tho twenty were then lined up face tu tho wall. While ore bandit remained on guuru me miicis wrni iiirougn ine pockets of the victims. The police . .my c"s." waH ou- 1,,,lru' 1 "p v'iins refused to say "w ". ' onto tho street and shouted for .tollco. t,h' m ii. fn., . , ,,. I olli:eraan J"3P"n Mcl Wrn:m of lho Clinton Stieet Station ran Into tho hall nnd captured ono man after a struggle, and outside Detectives Hums ..ml rrilnnrkn ronirht fnur nll.r.ru Tho five prisoners denied knowing of tho robbery. No stolen property was found on them, and the victims could not Identify them, but they wero held for further examination. Three masks und a revolver were found In the hall way. ATTACKED GIRL WITH A KNIFE Cuts Stenographer's Hands and Face and 'I lien Tries to End Own Lite. Miss Helen Sloan, twenty-one, ot No. 12.". Mount Pleasant Avenue, Ncwaik. a stenographer for Swift Company at Kearny. N J.was work ing alone In an olllco room ut the plant to-day when George Waterfall, twenty-six years old. of No. 214 Kast 30th Stieet, Manhattan, walked in and drawing a butcher knlro from under his cont, leaped at her. She sciennieU and threw up her hands to protect her taee. Ilo cut her hands and f.K't. He then slashed his own throat. Woikmen heard Miss Sloan's screams and ran Ui her aid. They found Waterfall unconscious and Miss Sloan nearly so from loss of blond. Waterfall was tultcn to the Stumpf Hospitul wh re it wus said he prob ably would die. Miss Sloan Us in St Ilanubas Hn.spital, in Newark, and is likely to ieci. i r. It Is bcllcwd Wuterlall's attack was prompted by Jtaluusy. LIVES 109 YEARTEN DAYS. II r. ClirlKtlnn AxtIIii'k llotlier'n I.iiiiucnvII; H VeKetiihlr llli't. Dr. Uuseiiii Christian of No. 171 West 71st Street, asserted to-dny that bis mother, Mrs. Harriet Chr.-.tinn. who died nt Nashville. Te-nn.. .Thursday, at the age of 109 years mid un days, owed the unusual lengthening of her life to abstinence from animal flesh diet or thu ladt thirty ears. WIIOm crippled with rheuniaUm which her pbyslriuiiH deelanil beyond cuie, mIih adopted the diet adopted by her son, who had what was pronounced to be an incurable iitoiiiuch tnaliidj . For a timo fish and fowl wero the substitutes for animal flosh but these gave iitmiMt iiltoprhei to engd, milk and eheeso as tile only i oniplements ol vmetables. Uoth bican. nnu. :-i '. I'hrisnun K.iys, uiiil at thu tlmu of hor death Mre. Chrlntmn was untiusually ac- live.

HOLD UP 20 MEN A

J Jfl MONTH, 1-3 nr DPfiPFRTY flFFFR

. $ 10,000,000 Arranged to Go to Son by Previous Marriage, Says Wife's Counsel. i It was admitted to-dny by cni.ns' 1 for both sides that W. K D. Htkr3. hearing of whoso divorce suit ngtlns' his wife will bo rrsmned Mondav. once offered to settle their troublrs privately. It was about two yiars ogn. and one version Is that he was w Ulng to pay her $1,500 n mon li and to settle one-third of Ins prop- , erty on the children. Mrs Hfokrs In reported to 'uo been willing to have n separation but not a dl voice, but was iinw ilinR 1 t agree to tho amount of mom y specified. Martin W. Littleton, Mrs Stokes's counsel, Is author ty foi iho rtiitcment thut Mr. Stokes has now arranged to leave a $10,000,000 estlue to young "Waddle," his son by n pio- vious inarrlugo. Mr. Htokcs said of the attempted settlement: "I offered her everything money, Iho custody of our two children I wunlcd to havo her suu mo for dl virce, u secret proceeding, to spuro her from all this publicity, llut she tricked me." Krom Mrs. Slokes's camp the story goes that she was given twenty-four, hours' notice tu ugreo to suo her bus-1 hand for a divorce. In return ho i.irercd to continue the present nll- ninny of $1,500 a month, grant her I he custody of tho children and pro- i ht for their cniu. Hcluctunt at llrst to discuss what clcserlbed as an "abortlvu tit- mpt," Mr. Littleton mid of .Mis. tokes part in tne negoiiaiions. lu-Kn urn ut-t sliortly after the nilll- um.iiie's charges were revealed pub licly. What follows is Ills story of the affair: Ilefore the suit camo to tllal Ml' Stokes, through his lawyers, au thorized a seiii-ti r conferences to determine the most feiusiblo manner of clouding the dltllcultlcs of tho SUikeses from tho general public. Mr. Stokes's lawyers urged the wlfo o Institute divorce proceedings uulell. Finally, after da of dispute, the millionaire uttered Ills ultimatum if agreement to this proponal In twenty four hours. "Mrs. Htokes does not believe In divorce and told mo so," said Mr. Littleton. "That twenty-four hours' notice did not disturb her and her answer ns an emphatic 'No!' "Mr. Stokes was an uncertain fig ure In tho settlement proceedings. Wo did not know Just where he stood i und that notice of his antagonized Mis. Stokes. Her demand was that! ho issue a signed stntemcnt to tho public retracting hiB charges. Then ( she would consider nn amicable set tlement." I When the negotiations reached th s stage they were dropped by common raiwnnl. Mr Htokes gathered his evidence. Mrs. Stokes hers, und their loprrsenianves ciumi'ii iut un wijuii,. "Katlier than give up my children i to him, I would have them die, al though I love them more man any thing else on ennth." Francis Wellman, counsel for M. Stokes, deser.bed the proposed settle ment as "liberal," although ho woulu not disclose the exact aiimuni orierrii

"All this publicity could have been Av..ntll) lltl(l ivorl Street. Ilrooklyn, avoided, nnd my client dcsl-cd to,A"m"- avoid it." Haul Mr. Wellman, "If Mrs. 1 ami trlod to forco Mrs. .lennlo I'ow-

Ktnkon had not refused our offer. It was purely a question of money with her. My client was anxious not to subject her to the ordeal of tho op" n court, and the attendant publicity, lint Mrs. Stokes was obdurate." Replying to this, Mr. Littleton said money did not enter Into Mrs. Stokes's rejection of the olfcr. He continued: "Mrs. Stokes has enough to live on sunplv in HinviT, and .she is nut a woman addicted tb luxury. Sho did w.int to piiivulc for her children." Mr Stokes has placid his real es-tali- into thu bands of a corporation, aiitomntlenllv depilvln" his wlfo of n dower Interest, Mr. Littleton said. Mrs Sink' s bus In gun action to re st ram thin p iidlnir the! suit When the trial Is continue il Mondnv Mr Littleton will have with lilm a iiiinl.'ituie diary kept by Mrs. Stokes prior to her marriage und afterwards. She kept an Intimate record of events in the period In which adverse testi mony Is placed. One of Mr. Littletons trump cards, It was Indicated to-day, wlh b" what ts known us tho "pussycat missive." Thiii Is a letter written by Mr. Stokes to his children after the stormy separation of the coupl" Its contents cannot bo made public, al though It will bo submitted In evidence. PRINCE OF MONACO HERE FOR MEDAL To Ik Presented to Him as Recog nition of lib Work in I jeep Sea Research. Pi .lice Albeit of Monar,, uu.wd hire lo-duy aboard the steamei Fiance. Ho will go to Washington to re ceive the Alexander Agnssiz gold ...n.l..l ihn Mn-hrutt rnrnirnttinii nf tin.' National Academy of Sciences, awarikil him for his deep i.ea re searches. 0RDERS ST0CK ACCOUNTING. SupruiiH Justice Loiiiuiiii to l'' hnmleit down u decision direct, II it Sheldon, Dawson. Lyon & i"o. ito.lc broker, arrouiit for the sli'req u 1,10114 ,n ,n0 " ,v lol"r 1 " lielorg 10 the estate of Ki.mk llmviid UalUe. who died lec IS, PHi, h. - queaUilng 150 share of the . .- i i il muck of lh l'o-ter Company to bid wife nnd on The son. Frank Howard Jr., nn-d the broker for th recovery of mviii'v lien nhares of the nlw'k, which he d h. inothor unlm.'ully pl dged in n. el in count.' lo cnvci pi'.j.u.l n dobtedncM. .Mrs. Ila.lto whs tho tx- I (tutrix ox her buatuiid'a tbu.

WAITED 17 YEARS FOR HONOR MEDAL FOR SAVING SAILORS

Clilef l in liner Itobert H. Cot, IT. S. N . lias received a Con giessliiniil Med.vl of Honor from President Harding. Ho earned the medal seventeen enrs uko when, with two companions, then Gunners' Males, ho risked his life lo extinguish fl imcs that threatened a ton t powder on the battleship Missouri. Srhepko and Monssen, Ills companions, wero uwnrded Medals of Honor but thu law did not provide for award of the medal to a warrant olllrer. However President ltoosevolt wrote lo Cox, ilssui lug him that he deserved such an honor and would have hud It hut for Ills tank t'nngiess recently passed un act awaidlng the medal tu him., TRIED TO ABDUCT WOMAN ON STREET Failing, Men in Brooklyn Slash Face of Mrs. Jennie Powers, Two men jumped out of m uutomo- i,,i.. liii-iV last evening nt Myrtle ers. twenty-live years old, of Yonkers, m ire! into the automobile with them Mrs. Powers wus out walking at the time with her mother and her four-year-old daughter. She resisted the men. and they slashed her across the face with a knife. The men were Immediately nr rested. Acnrdlng to the ollec, they rave thlr names as John UI Gaetano. chauffeur, and Oiro IVtrlno, artist, both of No. 28 Prince Street. Ilrook lyn The crowd tried t oget the prlsnmis away from tho illco, but faiUd. The two men wero held to day In Hie Adams Stret Court an a charge or felonious assault In $5,000 bail eiieli, on complaint of Patrolman John Madden. SHOOTS WOMAN AND SELF. Mnrr tlnllen li llrlil n Prltnnrr In HnapHnl, t ii. v Mr-nan' iimon. iwpiuy-rivc, til i. ' lib.. lidiii, Nn 2'.'S Henry .street, was ii. tin igln bieiMl to-iliiv, nn ,,,. ri'porti d by ll.iriy HhIIcm. thu ' v -1 ive. of Nn '!i. .ii -on Xircel, 1 ,i, r then -(hut 'i.uitulf mid was le- inM d t i lo'ivt-riieiir lloxpital. a pi im,iter

Tlicsc line Slictficld products nre no higher in price" tlinn tlie other kind. Your grocer will sell you "Sealed" il you insist. Tell hint what you want (tntl insist on having

(CONDENSED) minFFin r coNDrNsno "Make it

ACCUSED BY POLICE OF GUNTHER KILLING

Wallace Arrested After CIctK Tells of Being CheaTcd in Division of Spoils. Joseph Clements, a clork, twenty- one. of N'o. 59 Morton Street, was arrested last night by Detectives Campbell. Mahcr and 'Shcvlln of the Charles Street Station. They had information that he had been talk ing of being cheated In a division of tho spoils of the highway robbers who took the payroll of the Manhat tan Ilras.i Company from Carlos Uunther of No. 32 Van Cortlandt Street. Yonkers, in East 29th Street Jan. IS last, shooting Gunthcr, who died In Hellcvue Hospital. After talking with Clements an hour they also arrested Frank Wal luce of No. 462 83d Street, Hrooklyn. They made a search for one Galluccl, ( a friend of the first two, and another' man, but learned they hnd been cent to Sing Sing by Judgo Glbbs In the, Hronx for from seven to fourteen years for highway robberies In the Hronx. The detectives say that Wallace Is the man who shot Gunthcr and Gil lurci struck Ounther's bodyguntd. Richard Schllmke, on tho head with a wrench, fracturing his skull. Schllmke Is still In Hellcvue Hospital. Clements told them, the detectives said, that he received only $S0 of the. $5,150 taken from Gunthcr and was' tuld to meet the rest of tho party In lluffulo, where there would be an other division. The four quarrelled in lluffalo, ho said, and ho left them ibecause they threatened to kill him ir he did not cense his demands for one-fourth of the stolen money. Margaret John, of Follies Had Known Man Only Four Days. (.4vrM in 'n Kiciiinl World.) LOH AXOKLKS. Calif.. April 18. Uouglas Fairbanks ran counter to ("lipid yesterday and convinced Miss Margaret John that tho little fellow really could not be trusted at all times. Miss John was to marry an cm. ployce of tho Fairbanks outllt with whom she had lioon acquainted only four days, but was sure sho lovod. Mr. Fairbanks nppeared In tho Su perior Court late yesterday In time to Induce Miss John not to marry. She Is a former member of the Zlesfeld Follies Compnny. New York hotel men on California tour wore tho guests hero last night at n banquet tendered by the Los' Angeles hotel men. James Woods, taken unexpectedly 111, wn unablo to attend. The visitors left to-day for Santa Harharn. GIRL, DAZED, WALKS OUT IN KIMONO Drug for Toothache Supposedly Affects Miss Malian, Who Is Revived in Hospital. 1 Miss Ellen Malum, twenty-one a enthlrr living at No. 3H West 7tst Street, was found clad In a blue ki mono near her .homo at 2 A. M. to-Jay j In a dazed condition. She becimo un I conscious before the arrival of an am- balance Pollcomtn Uayen called from Flower Hospital, and when revived sev- trnl hours later In the hospital lind no recollection of how shn happened to bo I In the street. Yesterday sho had something In jected Into her gum for the extraction of a tooth, according to members of the family, and because it still was troubling her when 'ib went to bed she put a hot water bottle to her cheek. The doctors think the lio.it nuy havo caused the drug to affect her. (EVAPORATED) miik co., inc., nhw york uith-.viilk" dl

DOUG. FAIRBANKS INDUCES GIRL NOT TO WED HASTILY

u -i i i l


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-05-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280702/1921051701/0972.xml ===

GEORGES CARPENTIER WRITES STORY OF HIS FIGHTING LIFE Now in The Evening World To-Noht's Weather FAIR: FROST "10 to 3" DAILY WALL STREET FEATURE JHW edition To-Morrow'i Weather FAIR. WALL STREET t FINAL "Circulation Books Open to All." Circulation Jiooks Open to All." VOL. LXI. NO. 21,742 DAILY. ( lirUitl, llliit. d lh- I'm. I'iiMIsIiIiik Co (I lie N rl. Wuiltll. NEW YORK, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1921. tiitrwl SrronJ-t'lu Mnttrt IW Officr, Nrw Yorl. N. V. PRICE THREE CENTS

U. S. SHIP BOARD TO RUN ON OPEN SHOP

70 DEAD OR WOUNDED IN

U. S. WON'T DEAL PRISONERS GO FREE Recognition Proposals to Be Denied Unless Freedom of Americans Is Assured. AND WOMEN HELD. 'Government Spokesmen In ditmantlv Outline Attitude Toward the Soviets. II y David Laurence. 'Special Corre&pondent of The Eve ninq World.) WASHINGTON. Mav 17 Copyright 19;i).Thf Un.Urd States Government efuscs to have any dealings wlat-' .vcr with t'.if present ltussian Gov ernment until a'. Americans n iteld prisoner are summarily re leased. With a degree) of feeling and indig nation ti.at conveyed a world of meaning Urn spokesmen uf thu Wash ington Government to-day outlined tie.r attitude toward Kunsla. No Government in Uussi.a can come even ithin lufiliog distance of tile United States Government, it was emphutl- ( rally announced, until the prisoners , .1.-0 given tlieir treedom. Iteiirts to ' iho 1 parlnient of State indicate that the Americans are being badly I .rented. Men and women who went Ilussta on business errands wholly l.sconnectcd from politics havo been thrown into jail anil held there prae- ticillv as hortages m order to compel ! i he United Stnton to 'leal raor,ioi mtli the Soviet authorities on inier rational iiuttlniis. "u' if the MOM.W Government Im agines that the United Stlitos will "be influenced by such tactics to think well of thu Soviet, no greater mistake have been made. Oar Govern- ment regards tho tactics of the Hoviet a calculated to alienate Ainenun lAiblu- opinion and to postpone the j hour of recognition, even though tho ( usual conditions necessary io such a tep shall have boon formally satis- fled. The question is being ahked "What n the United .States do about It?" The Una of using pnysicai io-cc w maintain American lights abroad, as , so often proclaimed in tho halls of; ;ngrca with patriotic fervor ts in j Ins case at least Impracticable, for tn expedition agvinst ltUMta to res- . ue the American prisoners 13 from j ,i military viewpoint colossal. The , American Government has on inoro 1 han one occasion dlscouny,-.Hl mlll tury move against Hussia in com- .. . . U... 1 Ellin. iany witn iuc Allies wui tion wad even more distressing than n Is now. Out otl.male, therefore, are com- (Continued on Second I'age.) POLICE DOG AIDS HUNT FOR LOST BOY Wide Search on for Archie North rop, Y1io Wandered Oft" From Kearny, N. J., Home. AhM n. Northrop, throe and ore- V.att ynar old, who wandered away from i tun homo at No. 222 Stowart Avenue., Kearny, N J.. yesterday, had not been i fturwi this afternoon. Kvorybody in i (tearwr, BelloviUe and Arlington who .ao sp.ire the time Is ouo on a search or the youngster. neporta from widely siparatcd parts uf Hellevllle, Arlington and Kearny would Indlcato that tho child was wan dering tubout. lost, as late .as 9 o'clock jjt night when a bon aruswcrlng his desrrtptlon was Rton near the Mcllevlllo Bridge over tho rassaic River. Hoy acouts who have traced all reports say chat Archie corta.nly was alivo late1 ust night and It Is hoped ttmt some . Itlzen tools him In .and care'd for. him without saying anything io tne po ice. Chief Holiuian or ino uicn iiock po-

noon with a police dog which is a fa CDOtu trailer. tRci".. - 'l

U.A rnpw iLrrii ill ucun y villi, oiipi

CHICAGO OFFERS RENT CONCESSIONS ON APARTMENTS l i.at Pine in Several Years Moderate Priced Hats However. Still Are Siarw. CHICAGO. -May 17. Ri.NT concessions us nn in ducement to ptoepecttve tenants were offered In CMuago to-day for tlw first time ,!i several years. A real ontatu tlmi udvet-tised frw mt until June 1 on two apartments in a choice n side ntial section. One. was sl, rooms, sun p.irlot ( nd bath with n rental of 120 n month, while the other was four rooms and bath t i"h. Ileal es tate agents nay that the higher priced apartments were plentifui. ib.it that theie were nono f the m.idr.j'e prte.1 varielv for cnt

- , man in Wall Street who kept track . I. 'of lucky speculators. Emily G. Clinton as to Have, with itcid stm unconscious m Married in Month Man She Foranam Hospital and oil the wt.

Had Known a Week. Engaged to be married within a month to n man she had known but a we, pretty Emily Grace Clinton, formerly of New Haven, twenty-four, nnd for several years an orphan, was found dytnc at 6 o'clock this morn- ng m bed in her room at No. tl c.st ,;ir,,, hv ;onnan I.. Mormand, nonwich Village artist she wa.i to tna:tr. .She died before medical aid could r.ach her, drug poisoning being assigned aa tho cause of death. I The girl had V-en living with her chum, Marie Voorhecs, twenty, for a year and a half at No. 21 West am hiifei. Joey nau wni mcuun slm,(J jial.ft wni, .seven years old. Two wi-ks ugo, according to tho rliumi and a week ago, according to Ul(J nmlli Mormand came into their !lv(j "It was a case of love at tlrst sight," said Marie to-day. Mar.c Is a typical village girl, pretty, with soft skin nnd tiaby Muo eyes; her blonde hair artistically tomeii ana si-lrts reaching to the knees, t,yn i:Ved together for a year and a iSlt," she said, "and yes'crday Btartel to move over to a suite which jir. Mormand had occupied at No. 41 Wcst 12th Street. Kmily remained tnero iast night and I was to Job. i,cr to-day. Norman moved Into the back room of tho suite and wo were to occupy the front room where Emily slept Inst night. We three h.iu dln- sicr together last n'ght nnd they went to the apartment to get it ready. "Kmlly seemed in good spirits when 1 left her, but she had been despond ent for several days before. It she took narcotics I didn't know it. She had frequent headache attacks ;oi which she took aspirin, taking Ilflecn grains at a dose nnd taking several doses in a day." Mormand said he had remained in Miss Clinton's room until 2 o'clock this morning, helplug her hang pic- (Contlnuod on Second I'agv.) 800 LEAVE ON CAMPANIA. Xen Zealand' l'rline Mlnlater In terested In T1 Dclcnir, The Cunard liner Campania tailed at noon to-day with 800 passengers for Liverpool. Among them was the Right Hon. W. V. Mnssle, prtmo minister of Now Zealand, who Is on his way to at- tend the imperial i-oiucrer.ce ai uon- i don next week. Tho conic-rence win r composeu ot all the Prime Ministers of tho Brltlah colonle, who are te l,j havlnjr Uefenses of the colonies. ,,,,,1,,,.. mjw1 U also Interested In the iu,cotn0 of tho inter-ailled conference ,tn reBiml to Olo island of Tap. Aus- . .. nm 7.ni nnrt . . .rilln ah well is Ntw Zealand. In also much concern n this question. Among other passenjjers were Sinclair Lewis, author of "Main Street." ,u.i -i wife.

THE WARNER HOME Two Blonde Sister Brought Into the Mysterious Shoot ins; of John H. Reid. HUNTING DON COLLINS. Leila Wiley. Screen Actress. Missing; Sought by the Police as Witness. Letters and papers found by aeto. -tlvs In the home of Mrs. Hazel Davis Warner, No. 1392 University Avenue. t!e Bronx, where John II. Held was mysteriously shot last Sunday morn ing. Indicate that there are a num ber of prominent and wealthy citizens of New York nnd other places who , were vlItors fit the University Ave- nuo house. It is known that Mrs. Warner was In close touch with a uvnii.-j, iu mu rtiinj nut; uai-cih uu.j missing, the police authorities are scouting all the over the city for in formation. District Attorney Glen non of the Bronx issued a number of subpoenas to-day calling upon women and men to appear before the , Grand Jury. Two who responded to subpoenas were Lila and Audrey Lawrence, sis- ter?, blonde and very pretty, who livo at No. C West G6th Street. Charles Leighton, of the same address, ac- rnmt,..nr,i ik,, t ..wrm iti.r. ii. wna n,jcr subpoena .They were ques- ) t0Ileil jUwut I.ella Wiley, the screen ' actrcss. who fled with Mrs. Warner' nml i.Yank Hoylnn directly nftci the shoottnSi No trace ll;u. bpcn fonild of tne!,e t),reo or of i)on- colllnfi. the' cx-convict, who is believed to have 6l)0l jlclJ Urom documents found in the Warner homo detectives have obtained the names of two girls who have brought suit for damages against a New Vork millionaire alleging that he assaulted them at a house party. Leila Wiley was a guest on that oc casion. Inspector Coughlln and the Ditim' Attorney believe that Je,aliu.i was mixed with another motive foi the shooting. They say lteld was one of many men of wealth brought to the house in the desire to get h.m intj card games or other entangle nunts involving money ami What Mrs. War ner became Infatuated with ii.m to the exclusion of her former iavoiite. Ituferrlng t Jealousy as a motive lnsiector Coughlln said: "There Is a blggei game than that. Call it what you want badger, or anything. You can say Jealousy la tho motive. IJut not entirely." Kvldently reluctant to discuss tho case, Inspector Coughlln emphaslz&d this: "Miss Wilcv cornea of good tamlij. Sim Is not on our records. I don't know obout Hoylan, but I do of Col- (Continued on Second I'age. i RACING RESULTS AT JAMAICA. FIRST IJACE Two-yar olds: m.ild ens, selling, live furlongs. Koster (llrl, 107 (SVicllcr), 13 to 6 to J. .1 tn 5, won; Hmlli-il, 107 Utabln), 7 to 2, 7 to S, 7 to 10, second, Wltchwork, 109 (Miller), 30 to 1, 12 to 1, 7 to ,V t'llrd. A S r n Th"no:kmenrter. Ven. r and Fred Kinney also ran In the jrler named. SJX-'OND UACIi-Kor fillies, three u i . i. . . 'in lx furlnnirii.- Laat Straw. 117; Zoeller, 6 to 5, 2 to ti i u ii. i.irfi. v. iti.ai i uii. ill. ii uuor. IS i to 1, 5 to I. z io i, second, .Ma. lion C. Kiimnier. 1U to 1. 3 to 1 Ilallct, lit 8 to 5. third. Time 11.3 3-5. Ocean Sweel, Itunatrlx, Ten Muttons, Itosni. M ul-moiselle Cndenu, Natui ii TVi-.ini.i. ile.Un,- luinale. I". '

Herself an Expert, lells Of Radium Cancer Cures

' MLLE. IRENE !W ' CURIE. yyy " ' WIDEWORUOPHO, . f

mnnnnx inxnm hot i

MPERILS 17 LIVES !N WEST HOBOKEN Hour r-amilies Trapped, Car ried Down Ladders Sick Children Saved. Four families, consisting of fle.vcn tr'n persons, were trapped early to dny In a lire which spread rapidly I from the basement to thr upper floors ' of tho apartment house at No. 013 I Uergenlino Avenue, West Iloboken. Practically nil tho tenants, win ' crowded at tho windows In their nigh' clothing, screaming for help, wen carried down ladders- by firemen I When the latter managed to git m the third floor they found there two 'sick children, who had been deserted j by tuelr panic-stricken p..rcnU. The children were carried to safety over the roof. Chief Scbier. uf the Uirc Oepa-t-mvnt, said that he believed the tire ti !. of incendiary origin. In support f this he ld that half nn hour be fore the blnze wub dlscovt red by Mrs. Anna Hhelnhardt, one of thn tenants I who amused tho house, an alarm In the neighborhood had been sent tn. The liremen responded but, foiling to (Ind any traco of a lire, returned to their quarters. Then came the dis covery of tho fire and the second alar...: An Investigation of the tire Wlq begun. Thu damage amounted to almut 3,000. Airril lan. III. I.eBiin Thrrf Storlr. In sulfide tlnnil. Frank Purone. evcnt-flve, U, at t'impted suicide early to-ilay by Jump I.ik from a window of til.i home on thi Iril lenr OI o il" r.iai i.n wirn.-i in- .m i .1- .our n.ier

Worst Case Can Be Healed if Taken in Time, She Says in Hirst Interview Hopes to Make Great Discovery. Marguerite Mooers Marshall. The newest development In the mel- iciil use of radium in Franco Is tho application of the emanation.1) in manj little tubes, placed directly upon the .lUtl'ace of the cancerous growth. In stead of directing the emanations from one big tube, as was done in tho ear lier treatments. When tho big tube ivas used the burn wna too deep in one place, and the entire expanse of can cerous themes was not ahvayn de stroyed. Now somctJmort as many us twenty small tubes are used on ono cancer," Irene curie, daughter of Mint. Mnrlo Curio, discoverer of radium, de clared to-day. "Another helpful iihi of radium fa In alleviating the pain and prolong ing the life of the cancer patient wln.se tro-.ilmnt with the rtuah.itions has been delayed too long for n com plete cure to be possible," she con Mnued. "I do not want to say posi tively, but I think that, even with our present knowledge of radium, any cancer may bo cured by it provided It be applhd before the caso Is too advanced. "Kvcri deep-seated cancers, to which the radium em.anat on can not bo applied directly, have been treated by directing thew; emanations on the outsldo of tho body, at the part directly above the cancer, per l.nps protecting the rest of the bod surface with a lead shcot. Tho suf ferings even of incurable cancer pa t ents can bo made much less y Un employment of radium emanatl"ns." Irene Curie is Mine. Curie's twen ty - three year - old daughter nnd scientific assistant, and was depu tized to glvo the first formal "Curio

Woman, Refusing to Leave Her Husband's Side, Is Shot and Killed. SICK IN HOSPITAL DIE. Thirty-Hive Deaths Reported In Last Two Days and I .ist Is Growing Rapidly. HUHLIN, May 17. -Tim number of de-id n ambushes in Ireland within two days is constantly Increasing as reports come in from various districts. V total of thirty-live has been thus far recorded as killed, and thu wound. d foots an equal number, with tho belief that the latter will exceed tho known dead. , A third attack was made on tho male prison in fork last night. For trior, than an hour rtlle tire was di rected from without Iho w.ills upon the building, and this was replied to by the guards with machine guns. Signals brought reinforcements from thn barracks and tho attackers wero driven off. It In said that several pa tients In n hospital nearby died of ex citement caused by the noise of the nhut.i. Attacks on the police and military occurred In several places. A con stable was killed and a sergeant and another constable were wounded an they were leaving a church In Itansha, County Tlppcrary. The body of an unknown man was found nenr tho Killlney golf Units in Dublin County with five bullet wounds In the head. A bomb was thrown at .a military lorry In crowded Frederick .Street, this city. In tho shooting which fol lowed four civilians wero wounded. Mllllury reports say that three prisoners attempted to escaiie from nn escort at C.arrantua! County nun, oiuiuuy. i wo oi tiiem were shot nnd killed and the other was wounded. Tho escort was fired at from a house, which they bombed. The occupants of the house, while running away, wero fired at and the owner was killed. Last evening three armed men en tered a private hotel at Salt Hill, County Cinlway, and took oui tivo ntudents, who were badly beaten nnd then tired ut. Ono was hit threo times nnd Is In a critical condition. An other received two bullet wounds, but these aro not dangerous. It is al leged that two of tho ninckcrs wero jkiIIcc, am) two constables have been arret'.tc d. Details are coming to hand of tho killing of four portions in an automo bile, party of five ut (Jort. In County Oalwny. The vur, which was driven by District Inspector Illuke, was carrying also Mrs. Ulalto, Mrs. Oretrory. Cupt. Cornwallis and Lieut. Mnct'rcedy. Police who went to the scene after tho tragedy wero fired upon and ono constable wounded. ' According to latest information the nutomobile party was returning homo niter a visit to ISallytiirn House. When they reached their destination i they found mo gntc io the avenue leading to the house closed. When Capt. Cornwallis got out to open it he was shot dead from tho surround ing shrubbery. Almutt Instantly the nnrty was surrounded by disguised who ordereil the women members .e party to leavo the car. Mrs. .! flatly refused, saying that sho mid rather diu with her husband. Mrs, Gregory left, but had gono but a short distance when she heard thu sound of shots. Later the bodies of her com panions were found dead by tho way side. All had been shot. Mrs. flregory l dnuglitiT. in-law i,f I, id' ' ir'it

"OPEN SHOP" ON 0. S. BOATS IS DECREED 8Y SHIP BOARD BECAUSE OF MINE STRIKE

Government Now Will Recognize Only Collective Bargaining N. Y. Harbor Arbitration Board Votes Hands Off Policy in Regard to Tug boats Lone Vessel Tied Up Here. "'1 lie straight out and out open shop system is now and hereafter the policy of the United States Shipping Board," said Capt. Irving L. I:vans, National Director of the Soa Service Bureau of the Board. "Only one vessel of the Shipping Board remains tied up in New Yurk llarlxir as the result of Hie strike which was inaugurated May 1, and it b a steamer of the small lake type. "Engineers prefer the larger typa

'IS FLATLY REJECTED Involved Llimination of Baby Guy's Claim, and to That She Will Never Consent. Mrs. James A. Htlllman, according to United Press reports, has flatly re fused the offer of her husband to withdraw his divorce suit, on certain conditions. Mrs. .Stlllman said she could seo no reason for compromise Htillmnn's offer to compromise wan presented Friday of last week. It was stated, the day that hearings in the case were ordered postponed. The United Press was Informed that Htlllman offered to withdraw his milt and the charge ngylnst Mm. Stillman; agree to Mrs. Stlllman get ting a divorce In Paris: glvo her uii Income of 17.500 a month. In return ho demanded that sho must never return to or again resldo In the United Stiffs or Canada: also that she rcllnqilsh any claim of the child t.Suy to his share ,n tho trust fund belonging to the Stlllman children. Mrs. Stlllman denied the stlpuln. tion applying to Guy on the ground that It was an admittance uf Guy's Illegitimacy. Mrs. Stlllman might have consid ered somo conditions, it was said, in order to avoid further publicity, but (.he regards the nnmo of her son Guy us tho most important cUcnent in tho caso, and sho will never consent to compromise on that. Papers wero signed yesterday making final the uMpulutlon to hold tho next , bearings In the Stlllman case In the I chambers of Surrogatu Daniel J. tlleii I sun in t'oughkci'ixlc. The dates select ed were May 25 and 2C. Tho papera were Kignvd by thu attorneys for the I rttlllinans and tiy John K. Mack, guard 1 ad litem for lluy. JERSEY WOMEN SEE PRESIDENT'S WIFE American Legion Members Thank Mr. Harding for Her Work 1-or Soldiers. VASirtMlTON, May 17 Women of tho American lloii of Now Jersey wero hero for a vlalt to Mrs. Warren C. Harding at the Whlto House this afternoon. They will express their ap nieeialion of Mrs. Harding's labors m tieJkilf uf the wounded JOlilierj and urge her lo continue tho o-k Among the legion members were Mrs. O D Oliphant, Trenton; Mrs. Hugh U fteott. Princeton; Mrs. Charles Milieu Newark, and MrJ It H. Shocumko-

for the reason that tlia.pay Is better. All other craft have sailed with full crows nnd tho majority of tho en gineers wero members of the union. "Wc recognlzo the right of the men for colltctlvo bargaining: but will not ngriln recognize th?closed shop and tho men know Chill their jol aro steady and that they will lio fully protected In them. "Wo received a wire to-day from Cleveland saying that all tho en gineers on the ferries nnd dredges on the Great I -a ken, which bad been operating under the closed shop sys tem, have accepted tho 15 per cent wage reduction." It was to prevent such event that William S. Mrown, National President of the Murine Knglnccrs, hurried last week from Washington to Detroit. Tho Now r'ork llaubor Arbitration Itoard, which is composed of six tow boat owners and six cmployeon, met i this afternoon and aduptod a rraolu- Hon to keep hands off the sarlke. The resolution stated that. "Tho agreement entered Into on Dec. 31, l'JIO, has nut been violated and has no bearing on the present oontroverry between thn steamship owners and their itmployees, and that it is a matter over which the New York Uarlwr Hoard has no Jurisdiction." Two of the employees voted with the employers and one of them was Wil liam Manor, head of the Masters. Mates and Pilots Association. Joseph II. Moran, a member of the Hoard and former president of th New York Towlniat Exchange, wn asked what would hapen If tho en gineers refuse to abide by the decision and quit. "We'll get other ." he i.aid. At tho Shipping IVoard headquarters announcement was mado that from all ports the story Is the same re garding strike conditions that ships aru sailing with full crew. From New Orleans word camo that five engineer bad been secured for tho Socandaga and that the Western Light sailed yesterday. From Savannah a telegram an nounced that crews had beer, fair nlshcd for two steamers and t u.t the Mlnncqua sailed ye3terda Norfolk sent news that tho Western Iikc and . West Sejnvlu had sailed and that crows. Including1 engineers from the local union, had boon secured for tb, . IJlkton and the Evergreen City. All thesp vensels, It was declared, are loaded with c.o.al for England, notwithstanding that great titreui -had been laid upon tho union's Ixian that there would be no coal stnl' away on account of tho 3trikc. Great dissatisfaction exists among tin. American members of the, Engtn. eers' Unions, according to the Hhlp ping Hoard's representatives at the foregoing ports, and the speedy breaking up of tho strike u pre dicted, Vrom Hoston the Shlpptn Board


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-06-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280775/1921061601/0494.xml ===

csY i5? ADMITS DECEPTION . f 4 To-Nlnht't Weather FAIR. To-Morrow's Weather PROBABLY FAIR. 1 16 1 "Circulation Books Open to All." "Circulation Books' Open to All." VOL. LXI. NO. 21,768 DAILY. Copyrlabt, 1021, liy The 1'rrH Publishing Co. (The New York World). NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1921. Kntrrrd at Neennd-Ctitss Matter foot Office. New ork, N. V. PRIOE THREE CENTS

. - --1 a 'MiJMjiM-iiMa'll'll'MI111111 L-i jj tLULLiz.

-S 1 1 L Lin AN WITNESS -

UPSET WINS THE HILLSDALE; AMERICAN OAKS TO FLAMBETTE

. , Racing Results, Charts a! Baseball 1 i 1 1 1 . . 1

NATIONAL LEAGUE AT PITTSBURGH. AT CHICAGO: Giants ...00 0 1 O 1 H Chicago .0000 1 O0H Batteries Douglass and Smith: Alexandor and Killlfcr.

Brooklyn. 000 002 0030 Bl R1 ffl -Pittsburgh 010 000 0400 12 S Battcr.es Smith and Miller; Glazner and Schmidt. " AT CINCINNATI: Phila.... 0 10 0 3 Cincinnati 0 12 2 0 Batteries Hubhell and Bruggy; Marquard and Wingo.

VT ni;w Chicago . . Yankees ., YORK: o o o 0 o 2 and

BatteriesWilkinson AT BOSTON: Detroit .. . O O O Boston 0 12 Bat I erirs--Middle tun and 2 2 Uas.8

AT PHILADELPHIA: Cleveland. 20000001 0 Phila 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 W0- Batteries I'hle and Nunamaker; .Naylor and Perkins.

AT WASHINGTON: St. Louis.. 10 0 Wash'ton. 0 2 1 Batteries Palmcro and .Severe ONE, TWO IN Clark Entry Sets Record for1 Stake in Running Mile1 and 3 Furlongs in 2.17 2-5. By Vincent Treanor. RACE TRACK. BEL.MONT PARK. June 16. The P. A. Clark entry, Flambctte and Nancy Lee, at 1 to 5, ran one, two In tho Coaching Club's American Oaks this afternoon. It waa an odd slg'it to sec tho pair be ing driven to the limit down tho stretch to beat each other, Sando on Klambctte putting it on McAtcc on Nancy Ie, the ono really expected to make it a hollow contest. Ten Ituttons waa far back of them, with Joan Marie lengths nut of It, In fourth position. The time of the rare, 2.17 2-5, for the mile mid three furlongs, Is the fastest the slnke has been run in. Clropatra'n murk of 2. IS last season waa tho best previous lime. Nanny le went out to mane pnrp, followed by riamhctte. They ran that Sunday World Classified Advertisements Should Be in The World Office On or Before Friday Order Sunday World Classified Advertising To-Day. The World

o 0 o o ; Shawkey o m 3 b and Hoffman 0 0 1 0 0 2 1 0 ler: Myers and Ruel. 1- 4 8 3 2 id; Acosta and Gharrlty. LEE AMERICAN OAKS wav ntu wen mto the stretch, when the driving finish ensued. Ten Buttons and Joan Mario wore nenr serious contenders. This was getaway day here. To morrow racing shifts to Aqueduct, where the $10,000 Brooklyn Handicap will bo run. Everything scratched away from Whitney's Upset In the Hillside Iiundlciip, tho third event, Sea Mint and Goaler were all that were left. Despite this Upset was a receding choice in the oral market with a great play on Sea Mint to beat him. Upset lay off tho pace of Sea Mint to the head of the stretch and then came around and away from him handily to win by two lengths In the good time of 1.36 1-5. ba Mint had little contention for tho place from Ooaler. who. althoucli he run third. flowed a good pcrfonjianco ronsld- ering the time and the company. John Paul Jones got out of ,lu, ,, , , . f ' 1 maiden class In tho first, a mile oun- dltlon event. Ho led all the way but at tho end was doing his best app.tr- . ntly to stall off Scotland Vet. Da-t-moor, tho lukewarm favorite, followed John Paul Jones all the way. N cur ing tho stretch turn he closed some ground on htm .only to rail back in the Stretch. It wo,s at this stage that Scotland Yet came from behind and easily beat him out of the place money. Fair Mhc, favorite In the steeple chase, was beaten by Say Which. Tho latter opened up a big gap In the first circuit of tho field which Fair Mac found it impossible to close. A' the end Say Which wnn irlvlnir un li best he had In him hut it was enough, u uuiu mir ivinc sarejv Uld N w Haven trailed In a distant third. Polar won the fifth all the way, beating a lot of alleged good things. i Manrie got him off to a moving start land marto him last. Hold Up, tin Ishlng good and strong, was along In time, to beat Turnabout for place I money. Smarty, a hot tip; Frlzlet. I another of the same variety, and I Omer K. will have to wait for an other day.

Evening World Racing Chart

BELMONT PARK. JUNE 16.

911 JLSh f5J .l.hE?elr"j lnu. "id; eOTdrtloni: one "Ue: P" M.WO.iiu. -ill Win2l VL ni!JAiiJt'.f90t- Won. rld1n ""i Pr rt"ni. Time. 1 3V 14. " """ d. c. bj Tracery Moneta .VI. Owntf. Leilnjton staUe. Trainer, W. Si! Wallace.

Index. " StsrteTa. I'.P.Wn.Wt. i 172 Jilm Paul Jones 3 105 l0) Sootlanrt Vet... 4 113 200' Dartmoor 1 112 (1K7I Hoiirtirrimn ...ft us ISS I)ariyrlgndllly. . 3 100 1 31 2 41 3 4 5 John 1 aul Jones had all the sperd. but furloin. Latter cloned rery tironr. lHrtrnoor

919 8l'IliIrFB7f2f,Sl,A'i !f.ulVlor '""'-J'ar-olda and upward: about two LmILa -j fJni 1vJ2j- A,.0!' ?-U Jftatf4i start food. Won drtilnc- place tame llelf ia- b- l-'' Itojer. Owner, J. J? llfrllne?:

Iinlei. SUrlera. '.P. Wit. St. 4 1 I70.j Whlrti... (13.11 Fair Mac .... 1M .New Hum . 1W Klsmer ISO war Vlrtor. . 16S Long Trail .. . a lao i ITT . r, 140 3 3 . 3 138 4 .V . 4 146 0 2i 1" P 2t 2ie 41 P.. . M 132 2 41 M 31 Him fell Itcfmied. Say Which drrw out Into end. Fair Mas waa waited with too km. i loni tithe. 213 Indei. TIIJltD lUCB-The HUMale ILUIfUM added. At port 3 00. DC t h. Time. U4J. Winner. c. oy BtaW4CT. IM-.Wit.8t. j a; I'nset 121 I 2 ?OS Sa Mint (l84IOw)er on OT 2 1. 3 3 1 3 V-4

Uret walUtd bac of 8ea Mint to .e4 of the atretch. where lie went to the front and won brreting. Sea Mint showed ImproTement. Ooa'er waa always outrun.

ni J rvyikiiiuMMf-uoacumj t-Jims American Oats- for thm-year.olda- fillies- one and three-eWtHbii mile.; rairso JS.Ooa M sort 3.30 Oit it 3 31 Start irrf t WoS dnrtni- ulace wame. Tlm. V.17 -8. Winner, b f. W Durbar LaVeUmbSeT' Owner.

i'. i;urji. iT.inrr. J. ifi:ormsi. lrdei. r8tine,n. l'.l'.Wsi.Wi. M 103 namhettii .. ".Nancy !.ee . . (l.WTen Buttons.. IS.H J.-an Mrie .. 3 TT24 2 2 121 1 4 1)4 4 1 111 3 1 3 r.i 3" 4 4 1'. A. Clark entry. nambette raced back of Nancy i.ee to bead to be hard ridden to win XI". At poet 4.02. Off at l.lt. Start t A aj winner, oh. c. by Supermau Utlen Initei. ffiairte" P.P. S'tt. St. IM Polar 10 lit) l.V, Hold Up 8 tn I0 TurnaJvut 0 107 1113 Nohant 4 124 143 Omer K J 10 ftmarty 3 110 2 rMllet -' 110 173 Oallot 7 107 ;1 .Innuica TleUr, 1 Kr.' Machine fiunner. . 3 112 lliwuig Maid.... 11 108 1'H r'4 J U 4H Ti 3 01 11 10 1 3 2H 71 3' 81 31 MM, 11 4 10 Tolar brld the race aafe at all .tagr. fihfiwed crnod epeed and finished out 4lrom 216 SIXTH ILACW-V)r two-ear-lds: maiili ...At rnst 1.35. off at 4.-4.V . art inner. La, r. ay nmjpirouimci livW, Slartera. Ilrorvnflai 144 Knot llraes 0!yni . Iri.h Ilrisadier. . V' nrrtlLant Hay. . . IH7 ': Pillar Hay Jav 174 '.7th Illtlsion. . . HT San .Strfano. . . . 107 Orertake Master Hind. . . Sa Master -- AVrswli lttt Unarcliar IM'.Wtt. St. j ' . A ?, ! i . 7 . l . 4 .14 .1" . 8 .13 .11 .12 . 0 11.') UfW 11.. IIS 11A lift 11-. IIS 11& 11.1 nr. nr. nr. it. 3 3V, .'la 1i V? ft I til 71 Si IS 10 tl 13 11 41 S4. J 12 SI 10 13 u iwt JlroonTflax loolj like a grnxl mit. Irtsli nngadier ran a good raee Knot Ortas BIG FIGHT REFEREE NOT NAMED TO-DAY Rickard Unable to Attend Jersey Conranission Meeting Make Se lection Monday. At the request of Tea Rickard, who said he could not possibly attend a meeting of the Jersey nixing Commis sion this afternoon to dacldc on a referee for the championship battle bcr tneen'Jat.k Dcmpsey and Georges Car pontler, the meeting was postponed un- I til next Monday afternoon. Rickard )ms Promised to attend at that time, Thr 1u"- f ,Klcka!?, w4ad 'n: nounerd by Commissioner noherty. head of the Jersey board. Ho further stated , thal nu3 Canlp3, manager 0f tho French IpugHlt, had noUned him he. D.-f Gimps, would not appear at any meeting and would be satisfied with tho commlj- ttlon'x selection. Neither Dcmpsey nor Kearns was on hand. Tho general belief Is that Harry Ertle will be appointed by tho com mission to act as third man In the 'ing. Tho nbjenco of Dompsey and Kearns Indicated they would string along with Db CJamps and abide by the Jersey board's selection. 25 MEN FALL WITH BRIDGE BRATTLnnORO, Vt, Juno 16. A new steel bridge, being built across the Connecticut River here, collapsed to day beratiso of tho snapping under water of piles that wcro et to carry a much heavier !jad than that under which they failed. Twenty-five men wcro on tho structure as It began to tip, and before any had been able to get off the span crashed Into the stream. They were thrown In all directions, some with considerable force, but nil were afcle te swlrn sbeut ant!', touts rescued them. A check of those, em ployed, showed nono wer muulng.

WEATHER CLEAR. TRACK PAST.

in. a. 'w. 3d. .s r. Kin. 'peters. Ol). 1' 3" 4 ft 1V 4 Robinson . .6-1 Hamilton .. 1 C. Kummer.6-C Turner 20 Smoot 40 8-ft 7 '7-ft 30 100 JUS 0-2 25 4-8 1-3 30 1-4 0-8 30 100 had to be hurtled to stare off ScoUand Yet In last unit In final elthth. miles; Tune, . O. H4 Her, hn. Jorteji. U. W. CU fTM. i i. , 4 1 2" 3 4 MhsWt . Crawford llumi ... Wolke .. Jorwn ... Harrh .. . 2 WJi ,.4-fi 4-K . 12 13 . 30 SO . 6 8 . 30 40 8-2 33 10 30 X 40 3-fi 1-6 4 8 3-2 13 14 .1 4-3 . 6 3 lead in first half mile, beaten off but waa tiring fast at the

tture-rear-oldj and upward: oae mile . a . I w . JV at 3 07. Hurt cond. won eaauy ntibKBroo.i 3d Pankhunrt. Orner, i. V. Whitney. ST. I'm. Jocteya. Cm. HI. CI. PL Id. fl Kum'fr.aJl 77 MO 3 11.8 2.H Callahan .. OanUver ,.ft-2 s 7 3-2 1 t-3 ' 1 ,Sr. Fin. Jrrteys. Qp. til. CI. Pi" ad. IK 1 81 da 1-6 McAtes ,...1.,-. r iKiim'ea.. S Mooney . . . . 10 38 n 1-3 in 3 4 3 4 h of stretch caturbt her at furlnnw nnle. ti

Nancy Leo was nounoa the best of the others. V

lood. Won eaailf place drlrlM Tim, l ll w Utile. Owner, ". tSft. Traufer. Millriai. rJi. Mr. FliT Jock 0C. IU. CI. "PL 5dT t 3 V, a di ttu, s 1V4 D' 1 a Kando .. Marlnelli Falnr ... J i s 4 0 12 10 60 4 4 IS 10 ;i 10 8 13 12 an I 13 12 3 IS H 13 20 ft'Vi Ihittna . 6 IU, .... T Tluel . . . 8" Yea-rin . 0 OnanMI 11 7114 10 Ilaynm 10' 11 .Mc.Atm

lold Up closed lery fast throujh but fiu-lcni. Tuhatliout Smuty was outrun all the way

- ii fl.e filnrw,. jmUi , vl. Won drtrlni; pSte ham7' Time. V.oTm"- 'inner, j. ri Madden. Trainer, W H Walker. Mr. fin. q,.. ut. c. FC'lnff 41 S 11 l'V II- -Marttii . 6 Knsor .... S 3 S 3 SO 7 J 40 1ft 40 12 40 HO 40 100 7-2 7.ft 7d0 Kum'er.3-11 4. ft 12 t .'I K. t l A 1ft 20 lft 40 'I". 4' hTmxh in 3 n 30 8 30 a 20 M m M 30 t! H 40 I ft 40 12 411 on 40 .100 S" a. Mamie ., . 6i Hamilton. 71 7i Mrwney . n si re t ... is ou,4 mor 10 10 Kin, .... !i M l'alrhr'ea , 13 IS fUllahan 11 lil MI1W . nnel .... s .1 lo lield on Tell. Olympus was gaininc at the end. RACING RESULTS AT LATONIA. FIRST RACE Six furlongs. Ground

fiTin ,t0"!!.ft?,d 5-00, fl"t! siroc0. 'ln the Hoboken lllce Headquarters. 111.20, second j Honor Man. third. Time1 . . , -U1W. Non.sUrterareen orsTi They were taken from tho United Col. Taylor. Klnirilke. w. o. M.iin.,.' S"1"-'" authorities yesterday after

Illff Son and Col. Ut. SECOND RACE Five furlongs. Bob bed Hair. 7.t0 and $4.30, first; Mar garet Winsor, J13.10, second; Inqulsl tlon, third. Time, 1.00 4-5. Non starters, Way-wood Lady, Starella, Marimba, , Lady Mother, Carllne and Bright Lear. J THIRD RACE One and one quarter miles. Nonakld, J76.50 and S0.S0. first; 1 ltrltlsh Llne.r, 5. 10. second; Dolph. ; tillrd. Time, 2.0G 1-5. Non-starters lnola, Frank 14., Capt: Tom. FOURTH RACE Hlx furlongs St. Atygustlnc. 16.40 and 14. first; Rapid Day, 14.30, second; Jark JIare Jr, third. Time, 1.11 4-5. All ran. AT OTTAWA. FIRST RACE Five furlongs Truro 14.95 and $4.1. first, Fast Trial. $3.70. sceond ; Billy Dunn, third. Tlmo- 1.01 4-5. All ran. SECOND RACE Two miles. Trans pero, $23,55 and $7.40, won; Woodruff $3,75. second: Beehive, third. Tim. 3.55. Non-starter White Crown. THIRD RACE Hlx filrlnnirs Tln.t.r, On, $4.fi0 and $3.10. first: aursllmt 'Voter. $6.00. soeond: Assiimntinn t-MrH Time 1.14 1-5, Non-starters. Ablaze anu joquina, FOURTH RACE Six furlongs. So ll Star, $14 and $.50, first; I'lllien, $ii.90, second, Sagamore, third, 'nmn, 1.14 2-5. Non starter, Oeenlon. FIPTH HAf'-F Ono mile, and snventy jnrdH. .Ixiuis, $24.20 nn.l $10.7.1, first: Madge, ft, 10,, second ; Chaaaeur. tnlrd. Time, 1.4 5 4-6. All ran. (Rsolna Entrlte en Paget 2 and 20.)

WALL STREET BADLY JOLTED

SEIZED SUBMACHINE GUNS "CLAIMED BY FRANK WILLIAMS, WHOSE IDENTITY IS MYSTERY

Buf How Did the Arms Found on Steamship East Side Get on Board? INQUIRY IS NOW ON. Belief That Weapons Were Intended or Sinn Fein Army in Ireland. The mystery as to the ownership of the 495 Submachlno guna and ammunition eald to bo worth more than $110,000 seized on the steamship East Side yesterday centres to-day on the Identity of Frank Williams, who eays he ts the owner of the materials. Ho declares that they were stolen while on a truck In Hobo ken. WUIloms gives no address In his aflldavlt to this effect and re futes to f-ivc any Information about himself. A conference was hold to-day In tho office of the Collector of tho Port xo determine wno; was .responsible for Z placing tho urms on tho steamship, They worn not on'thVuhlp's manifest, 'Mhc ittlHnlrlnn In thflu mnm lnfnnrtA.1 " . . ' lor tile Sinn Fein Army In Ireland, The guns aro now In Hobokr.n Po- lice Headquarters, having been taken from tho United States authorities who seized them aboard tho ship be- ,. ,., , v. ,, , . v.w duv .Him i . 1 .lUIIUIIY, Til., IJtUb evening. They are under a dual guard toy tho authonliui, each claim ing jurisdiction. At tbo conference wcro tho Col lector, tho Surveyor and represonta- ltlves of tho Iaw Division and the l Special Agents' Department. 'When the Katt Side cleared yester- 3' day tho usual aUldavlt as to tho y manifest was mndo by Capt. Johnson and the Cosmopolitan Shipping Com pany, No. -12 Broadway. It was .." stated she was In ballast and hound s , for Norfolk. Va. At the omco of tho lino to-day it , waa said that tho President, A. F. , Mack, was out of town and there was i no information to bo hud. All the other officials, It was sold, were away. The East Side is a Shipping Boar boat allotted to tho Cosmopolitan Line. Martin C. Ityan, a customs In spector, presented a warrant to Chief of Police Hayes of Hobokcn this j afternoon from Federal Judge Lynch of Newark calling for the seizure of the, mm and nmmunltlnn ivlileh .rr they were seized aboard the East Side before she sailed for Norfolk, Va. They were under a dual guard by the authorities, both claiming Jurisdiction. Chief Hayrs gave up the property tnd it will be taken to a Onvernmunt war1ioiise in thin city. The question if the final disposition of tho arms camo up to-day before Itrcrder Oarston of Hoboken. Tho Oovcrnme.nt, through United Stiles Attorney dross of Newark, asked a continuance for a week. This was ob jected to by John J. Fallon, lepresent Ing the police of Hobokm, and Thom as J, O'Neill of Manhattan, an attor n y representing Williams. The Ra. cordnr denied tho request and set th" hearing down for late thl afternoon. United States Assistant District Attorney Oross said this after noon he would confer with Fcdenu (Continued on Second Page.) llrf, t'lsy finlf Tourney Klnnls. ATI. A NTH' C'lTV, Juno H - Mlsi Dorothy Doyle of Tornsi1no, Pa., tu day ilefe'ited her dsler, Mlfs Margaret Doyle, In the finals of thn Lnille.i' Invl tstlun (lolf Tournntnnnl at Xiirthfleld by till... up ntiA onej in pmy, Mrs. H. J. Doyla, mother of the girls, arted ut of ficial sore, lice per and raferee.

DROPS 47 PO NTS

L Wall Street Wants to Know Where All the Stock Is, Coming From. Several of the large brokcrhRo houses of tho Street, whoso customers are holders of Mexican Petroleum stock are urging a thorough Investi gation of the Mexican Petroleum myatory. it has bocomo a live prob- ability that the stocic Exchange win snnii.. v --t , " ..... .L vcstlgatlon. Ac, recently aa June 8, or only nlno trading day.s ago, Mexican Petroleum was selling abovu' 150. To-day It broke down to 103. There u'ndnnlably has hoen .vintamount of bcarpron- nn-n.t i .. . . . -o" ..v.umu narqing mo con- dltlon of tho company's Mexican A canvass of tho Street properties. shows that the stories so perslsttrntlv circulated regarding thu appearance of "aJt wu,cr ln tho company's wells ""i'"" unii mo provnTDiai Hre grain of salt. Yet this doubt of the accuracy o the stories, whloli Is for tified by tho vehement and reiterated declaration of tho company's officials that the? are wholly untrue, has not served to cheeky the decline, temporarily- oven But what concerns Wall Street as much as tho procipitata drop In tho stock Is the question whero all the stock lclng sold comes from. There probably ts not moro than 70,000 shares of Mexican Petroleum avallablu fori trading purposes. The Pan-American 1 Petroleum and tho Huasteca pc troloum Company own 3(0,000 shares of Mexican Petroleum. Tills leaves only 112,685 shares In tho hands of the public and directors. It has been sttted In scml-oftlclal quarters that directors' holdlngsj'otal approximately 40,000 shares. Yet transactions In the stock lost week aggregated 200,000 shares, and since Monday of last week over 400,000 shares of tho stock has changed hands. If the selling has been by bears, H hecomos an apparently unsolvahle purzlu as to where they borrow stock to deliver against short contracts. If only 100,000 of the 400,000 shares that have changed hands during tho last week represented bear selling, there i hnuld bo, from a bear viewpoint, un alarming scarcity of stock. If avail, able for borrowing purposes It should, In the ordinary course of events, be commanding a heavy premium. Yet tho stock Is eusy to borrow, practical ly aa easy as any other stock on tho lift. The Pan-Amnrlran Company offici ally denies that It hxis sold any of 'Is holdings. In fact, It could not do so without violating an agreement which It has with tho Stock Exchange. A'so, tho company denies that it Is loaning to markej operators or otheri' any of the s'ock It owns. It has been ninny yoars since Wall (.Street has hud such an entrancing, yet disturbing mystery. Apparency, If It Is to be solved, It must bo by Stock Exchango authorities. SENATE AND HOUSE CONFEREES FAIL WAKIIINOTON, Juno 16, Confer- eirwes between the Senate and ths Bouse on thei Naval Appropriation HI" elided to-d.iy In a. deadlock and th $4(4,000.00 hill with Uin Borah disarm ament ejonfnrenee, amendment wna Uken barlt to the House for action.

IN TESTIMONY ABOUT MAID

Banker's Wife Keplt Lvate at Hearing 1 by Answering 125 Letters Four

French Canadians Arrive as "Surt prise" Witnesses for the Financier

(8peclal From a Staff Correapondont of The Evening. World.)

POUGHKHEPSIE. June 16. jkkiki iikaiuio ui ink. oiiuiiiaii

t.iiijr jmu ui lu-viay s 5C3muu ivcicicc oicaMJii 5 oiiice acnmonious. ( nes.i upshot of it all was the announcement by Cornelius 'J. Sullivan, attorney ' n

Jot Mr. Stillnian, that he would not

June 28, as was his annolinccd intention, according to newspaper publica- r r 1

SLICING MEAT, KNIFE SLIPPED, BLED TO DEATH Whllo slicing meat for a customer In his butcher shop to-day at As hury Park, N. J., Mjrrls Mexnkoff'a hand sllpied and he drove tho knife Into his groin, severing tho femoral 'artery and bleeding to death before medical ahslstanco could bo sum- nioned. 568 KILLINGS BY SINN FEIN IN 11 MONTHS LONDON, Juno 16 (By tho Assocl at ed Press). Murders by "rebels" In Ireland slnco July, 1920, havo totalled 56a, Sir Ilnmar Qrcenwood, Chief Sec retary for Ireland, Htatcd In the House of Commons to-day. Tho number of crown forces convicted for murder in the earnc period, he added, was: The military, none; tho Royal Irish Con stabulary, one, and the police auxili aries, one, the latter man being found to be insane, YANKS GET TWO IN THIRD INNING Peck and llofmann Score on Pipp's Single One for Sox in 1-ourlh. POLO OltOI NDS. Juno 16.-The Yankees made tio runs in tho third Inning of to-day's game with thu Whlto S"ox. Hofinnnii singled to short, went to second on Shawkey's sacrillce, todk third on Roth's grounder to Wil kinson and se-iri'd on .MrClfllaii'.i bid tluow if Pockinii.iugh's grounder. Peck gut to third on a high fly whlrh McClellnn misjudged and which went down as n two-bigger for Ruth. Peck scored on Pipp's single. Chicago scored one run, in the fourth. Hoopoe winked, took third on Falk'.i double and came hor on Strutik's single. With tluee men on base jind two out In this inning Wilk inson grounded mit, Hal or to I "i pp. World's (irentist liir llaeluiiiue , riiMed. ST It?IS, Jum' 16 The passing of the International Fur Kxehange, at which some of the largest Riietlons In tin. hl'nrv nt .''ie trsdrt w... hhl, vas an outiced this iiftemnnn folloutng a conferem'o b t'een bunker ami officers of the Kxchonco.

The publicity which the so-c4l!ii

uivuiv.b i.,lic I1.1VC UulllcVCU IllUUC Ulc produce his client at the hearing on Ho rWllfl thai hn wmtM. hnav

. . . ,,v V produco Mr. Sllllman for examina tion at a later date1, one whlch'wo'uti not bo announced ln advanco In' thi newspapers. Mr, b'ulllran had much to say about alleged ""leaks" In testimony beforo the referee and deplored them, ' saying that they attracted" yi crowd of people to tiho scene of tho head ings who "might well ho cngugrxt otherwise When Irene Kelly, ono-tlme parlor maid for tho Stlllmans, was on th Ht.ind to-day sho testified that she knew the hundwrltlng of Fred Beau, vals and that sho had frequently taken to Mrs. Stlllman Icttora frotti tho Canndlnn guido that arrived for her In tho mall. A delegation of young women from Arlington, tho suburb In which Is sit uated the homo of John li Muck, guardian of Guy Stlllman, where Mna.' Stlllman Is stopping, camo to Pough kecpslo this afternoon and presented' Mrs. Htlllman -slth n large bouau'et .

I Many of tho delegation Worn Mill tut J I Ja"', nhout their heads, a style Mr Emiman lias Introduced In tho com.

luuiuty. Thai (greater secrecy might t maintained at the hearings, all re porters wero barred to-day from the bulldlnir containing Referoo GleasonV office,? whero testimony la belnif, taken. Added to this precaution' against posslblo "leakage." an effort was mado to smuggle witnesses' into' tho building so they might noC be. .

seen either by tbo reporters or the. newspaper photographers. As Mrs.. Stlllman had moro than IX letters to read this morning, and, many of them to answer, aha did Hot nppear nt tho hearing until 11. '0 o'clock, an hour after tho aesslon had begun. Shu entered tho build ng' a smiling as ever. . Her costume, not. so striking us yesterday's, conslatod of a plain blue silk skirt, Un crepj de chlno waist, with short sleeve, largo blue hat and white stockings and high whlto shoes. About .bijr neck sho wore a bandanna kerch.cf. Four French Canadians from the St. Maurice district, threo women and it man, wh.i do not bpeak English; werj brought to the hearing shortly oftn noon at d hurried to Referoo Gleason's office. Tho Poughkecpslo Ttust Building,' wliero tho hearings aru being held, Is a magnet for thousands of the curious, nil eager to catch glimpses , either of Mrs Stlllman or of the wit- nefl.se. Traffic was so blocked In- front of tho building to-day that the pollen wero summoned to disperso tho crowd. The forenoon hearing closed at 12.45. licrnard Knlly, ono of the employee n to cstato at Pleasantvlllc, and his wife, I re tr, former'y a maid In the Stlllman employ, wcro on tho stand a.' tho morning, Kelly succeeded Fred Bra Urals aa manager of the. Pleamntvllle estate. Ho testifier! fn-dny tP;t hi WJlfu'.l? deceived and evaded John F. Bren nan. chief counsel to Mrs. Stlllman. when he waa asked yea tarda If ha


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-07-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280751/1921071601/0009.xml ===

3.V ninF I IE.E. Tr-imi 1 i iiui' i ill. iii i i-ia mi i uiiii iiaii II3I3 LII L IKIINU 1U lL3LUL DUl IaILLLI UN MIMU KAIL To-Day's Weathir FAIR. To-Day'a Weather FAIR. SIM EDITION. Mm wCiarcn7aioa Boots Open to All." "Circulation Books Open to All." WOL. LXII. NO. 21,793 DAILY. CopjrUrht, 1021, tiy The. rrra Publlshlnr Co. (The yew York World). , NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1921. Kntrreil n. Sfrond-ClaVM Mutter 1'srat Offire, rw York, N, V. PRICE THREE CENTS

TENANTS WARNED OF PUN OF LANDLORDS TO EVADE LAW

AND BOOST INTS THIS FALL

Uniied Association Issues Book of Inslruclions for Goug ing Victims. swittCK LEASE IN PLOT.' 4 da, iSjofiteers First Move Is to Get ' Intrenant to Waive Rights ' Under New Laws. imysfilj a "waif c,Vrof I leering landlords of Neve York nro htlll devising plans for rent boost

ing auu. spending Dig sumo in uiiuuii ways to rob their tenants of the pro jection of the now antt-gouglng rent Jaws. Tenants arc hereby warned by The Evening World to sign no lease or other papers relating to tenancy without careful reading, and in no oris a to wane any of their rights under the law. It Is largely by such u waiver In an Ironclad lease that the Vin't Tds hop' to caro out ilifeiv rent- iyftlng plan, spoa'io Ui.ited Heal Estate Owners' e 'elation has issued a pamphlet of buntljlc,l0ns 1,s 10'000 members, ilrsj',''d- by tho association's law-Novetrco-sorlng every .step In the rant f'?iv, ' I'lan. from deceiving the widely""' frhitant claims, to trick Mrs, if'- tenant into waiving hh rights Irrja the law Jk jpj ptiinpiilrt is issued through p, 2U .sienf; Stewart Brown and his rl'fj,' is on it. apparently as author, sna'pjsntulns 'n detail forms of leases. receipts and monthl tenancy notices, nil apparently designed to nullify the .Ult -gouging laws. Most s'lfin.ficant In the "instruc

tions" ts tins paragraph: "There Is no means of getting a tenant bound by the United's lease except by getting him to sign it. Avoid leaving copies of the lease with the tenant until after he has signed." ASK MORE THAN EXPECTED TO "FOOU COURT." I'nder tue caption "General Adue." the most impressive feature :s pa'-a-giaph S, which says: "In Increasing rents or suing f'ir Increased rent or rental value In hold over cases, always ask more than you expect, and you have something to trade with. Hemcmber, the court sub consciously favors tho tenant, and ,f the landlord is given all he asks fur. the tenant calls him u landlords' Judge; If the landlord gets less than asked for, the tenant is satisfied," Paragraph n .says: "In raising rents, be conciliatory. Don't lose your tem per, even though the tenant does. Bo 'r.areful In writing letters. Show by figures the financial necessity for such." It Is apparent that this big asso ciation of landlords has spared no ex pense to provide its members with nil poaslblo means not only of sidestep ping: the new rent 'laws but of defy ing the tendency of practically all other living necessities to leave the profiteering levels of war Inflation and get back to normal. In spite of tho fact that public welfare and the business future of the entire country lias been declared by the. highest au thorities to be waiting for lower prices for living necessities, the land lords teem to be conspiring not only to hold rents at highest levels but to boost them higher. MONTHLY NOTICES FULL OF EVASION OF TENANTS' RIGHTS Tho country's prosperity Is said to be jeopardized hy high wages, and Ubor leaders Insist that wages con pot go lower while rents, which are the big Item In living costs, remain at hlghct-t figures, In short, while the country is waiting for rents to come down with other things In order that labor may accept gracefully and with . justice a lower wage scale, the land- (Continued on Second Page.)

OFFICIALS LEAD NEW RENT STRIKE IN JERSEY CITY

This Time It Is Against Profi teers in Higher Class Apartments. One thousand men and women, ostensibly victims of tht rent gougers. stood up as one last night in Public School No. 11, Bergen Square, Jersey City, and for upward of a minute cheered their "leader" Director of Revenue and Finance James F. Gan non '".to the echo.lt was a re mit rk' l" dnonst-r.tfcnT Tho occasion for it was the In auguration of the second "rent strike" launched In Jersey City and unlike the first one, which was nominally In the interest of people in flats and tenement houses, is m behiulf of those who, for the most part, live In fnsh lonabk' apartment houses and whoso rents are threatened to be raised to exorbitant and unheard of heights by Oct. 1. The assemblage was a fashionable one and more .than half were women. They hailed mos'.ly from apartment house.s in the fashionable IJergen sue tlon and none was too proud to come forward and lodge a protest against unwarranted increases In rentals. When Director Cannon mounted the. tiki t form to open the meeting and incidentally to declare tho second rent strike on, he was generously ap plauded. In his opening address he .aid: " will shortly outline the plan which I have in mind to stop further tent profiteering, if possible, in Jer- My City. Any man or any woman can call me an Anarchist or Bol shevist, or anything else they wish for precipitating the so-called 'rent strikes,' but if it Is necessaiy for me to call a rent strike every month for the. next four years, I'm going to go on calling them. "During the last month or six weeks a condition has been forcibly called to my attention paralleling a condl tlon which existed about this same time last year, particularly In the liergen section, in the so-called higher class' apartments, where the tenants are on lease. The landlords have. Issued so-called ultimatums to their tenants, calling upon them to renew tlvjlr written obligation within (Continued on Second Page ) NEW TURN IS GIVEN TO AIR ROMANCE Lieut. Kloor's Affection Said to Have Shifted to Fiancee's Si5ter. Lieut. Louts A. Kloor jr., one of the three naval aeronauts who were lost In the w flils of Canada last winter, at the Hookaway Naval Air Station refuses to affirm or deny that his engagement to Miss Alexandra Flowerton of nock away "ns broken because he had found that much as he admired Miss Flower ton, he admired her eLster, Consuclo, moii'. Consuelo Flowcrton, who posed for many of Howard Chandler Christy's war posters, also refused to affirm or deny this report. The reason made 'publlo for breaking the engagement "by mu tual consent" was that the pay of a naval lieutenant u Insufficient for marriage. Since then, however, pretty Consuelo has practically admitted her affections have been won by a naval officer and that she was perfectly willing to 4e out the Income of a naval officer with hci earnings from the aUge aod screen.

T L Evidence Indicates This Was Motive That Caused Care taker to Kill Broker. HAD LONG HATED HIM. Victim Twice Warned of Fate if He Tried to Enter Wife's Home. Authorities of Suffolk County sa d to-day that while the shooting of Henry Glover Hemming, New 'loik broker, by Frank Bberhardt, care taker on Mr. Hemmlng's Duck Island place, six miles from Nortbport. who then killed himself, was a plain case of murder and suicide, it Is one of the strangest crimes of the year. i Facts collected since the double tragedy Thursday night .show that J Kberhardt, an unkempt Austrian, foui years In the employ of Mrs. Holcn Dp Ixsplnc Henderson Thornc Ilcmminj,, had nursed a brooding hatred for the broker for a long tinii. Hut It Is be- I Ueved an Insulting tcmark the biokcr made of little. Helen l!nilc-yM) t1 teen, Mrs. Hemmlng's daug-liter by her first husband, had more to do with Hemmlng's death than anything els" Hemmlng's former wife was a sis ter of the present Mrs. Hemming, the 111 feeling between the stolid ser vant and the broker Iwgan some time ago, when Hemming and his former wite visited the present Mrs. Hem ming at Duck Island. Eberhardt's devotion to the little girl had been noticed during the four years he had been on the place. He watched over her as carefully as if she were his own child It is believed his determination to kill Hemming developed at the time the broker and his bride separated two weeks after their marriage. May 31 last. Hem ming had spoken ill ol the girl, and .Mrs. Hemming was so indignant she told Kberhardt. Mrs. Hemming told the Distiict At torney to-day she was coninced that this insult to the child hail u groat deal to do with the shooting Kberhardt had been told last month by the Sheriff It was his dutv to pro tect his emplojer, Mrs. Hemming, and when his commission as a .spuria! deputy sheriff expired iccently he had it renewed. Kberhardt had said In the last two weeks that If Hemming ever came to the house again he would kill him. It appears eerybody else familiar with the atl'airs of the Hcmmings feared he would do so, but Hemming hlmseir ridiculed the threats. Hemming was' fort .nine years old, born In Kngland and wealthy. Ho married three time.-, divoiemg his ilrft wife, now the wife of .1 man named Hart, and lost his cond wife about a year ago by death. He has one child, John C,. Hemming, who lived with his fnthei. liemmmg's oillce was at No. 1.1 Broad Street, ami iis home at No. 310 West sCili Street Mrs. Hemming, forty-nine, born In Galveston, Tex., of French ancestry, Inherited a considerable fortune from Henderson, her first husband, but this did not Include the Duck Island place, which Henderson left to his daughter. Mrs. Hemming's second husband was Richard Van Wvk TUuno, a stock broker of this cit, who dis appeared in 1913. leaving notes fur his wife and others, saying ihc never would see him again .When Hemming and Mi llendei son Thornc applied foi i m. image llccnj-o .May 31 at City Hall neither declared two previous marriages. Kach declared only one. Whj. no urn. could explain to-day. Hemming did not use alcoholic liquors and Mrs. Hemming does, ac cording to statements o1 souru Hem ming, which .ere iimioIm i ateil by witnesses before the Kli ru f. Their quarrel at Duck Island, thirteen days after their wedding, was due in some degree to this difference in tastes, as well as to Hemmlng's discovery In re (Continued on Second Page.)

B HA D HO

IS SEEN IN IRISH PEACE

Widow in Hemming Tragedy And Daughter Broker Offended

Miss HELEN HENDERSON. The Whirl for Two-Year-Olds' and the Empire City Derby 1 Are Racing Features. i By Vincent Treanor. The Whirl Stakes for two-j cur-olds and the Kinpiro City Derby at a ttilie and a quarter for three-year-olds are tin- two features of a fine card at mikers to-day. The juvenile event brings out a corking good field of ecnly matched youngsters, anil un less it is greatly reduced 'by scratches should furnish a stilting contest. The other events are well tilkd, and alto gether a day of good racing Is In prospect. The track will bo heavy. The entries, with tho probable win ners, based on past performances, training trials and general informa tion, are as follows: r-'li.t llacv flatmlnu; ibrw-Kir olj. na up- index 311' I'M ;.3n- .r.i u.is .';:is Horse. niiMtu Timer I'lUUrls Tan 11... 1 urrriit I; Watrher . Wjt Jlnltey. Callahan l 'amphell K.nsiir , . .'teller Trjon II 'cap. . lll .. SS Ollj. .1 to 1 15 to 1 1 to S in to 1 & to r l ,i -t' ..v . tin . . ! tenth . D7 .. M Mountain llew 3 M lllack Tnnnx .in,i innui ratur .(lila .Mln . OM Pail.... Ill-Hi Kind . Hello I'ardner 1'anM .... lihrorh ... . .1H7 HI .105 .107 .in.', . n? .101 .1(11 :m :,it Mi .111 1, Knjolenr ll!i Sri Kreil the Oreat 103 Kplsode's last race, a head behind Sunny Hill, was a good one, and If he will run tack to it should win here. Tufter hasn't run his race In recent starts. If ho will run to work he can be .second. I'hilaris ia im proving and among this kind should go well. May be third. The rest aren't much. teiond Ilace-Thiee-iear-oldl acd upward: flout .It fitrlnn... Prnti Jftrkej nie . Sande. . Miller . MooneT Katur Index Horse Witt. !lla4 . ..tltl 'I.iliulllte . ln.'l 114".l Dry Mmm ..110 ''0't Allan ..inn !' J ' Kri'tter . . 120 i.:.11i Iitttfair lus 1TOI) Odds n I II 'raj.. . inn 'il .. H 07 14 4 M I ' to 1 ft m 5 101 bunsalidel . . J 00 l'i2l Mnmlnl'iue . JSt Mis ch-lVe . . 10J .- - . .V,4 IViuire ... j,3 Mlaneoaf t ntrv lilazes In tho mud Is a much bettei horse than he Is in dry going, lie is in nicely here, and as he is fit arid ready may be hard to beat. Ills Kx celslor Handicap victory is his real form. Luctilllte Is attempting a com' back. He ba.s been working vi" y satlt-factorily lately and looks the one to beat. Dry .Moon should ) thirl. He r in finr condit oii Just now. St Allen has an outside chance at hn weights. IK- likes mud. His Man kind form was above the ordnwirv lltiril lU-e- The Whirl State., foe .,, ,,...,.1.1. flic and 4 UK furlong. I'rnri J'.kcM H'rali Mlllei . . , ,,o Indea Itnrse. Ill nam. el Shirt H'.i Isa.i sat c ' s.il real '-'X.' .Im.e (Iras., I .J4' Utile Chief. lull Ktlutiir . 3Vi' I'enltettl 11) llraft . .. . 1191 Naiu-r r . , 111 Yftr.Ve Stat 1(1 Oil Man ... .1111 nmiihlordao 311 rhllraioi fcer . rind rjueudt I'roU Oldl. .. I., 1 S It. I it, I In to I S in ', It til I It to 1 Wjt. Hi ll'J 111 II! .lilt ill , .119 . 1 1 2 .IIS t.lll . II' ..II . Uf ,.1I2 ,-aji(lf o'l ''. Kununer !i7 P. nnt.n lit l'iu.r MMilf . (.'nlttllelU . !5 . Ill . til Sim fietUft .!!- Flannel Shin hn .. win thla race, Jlaa been out once

Mrs. HENRY G. HEMMlNQ

YONKERS SELECTIONS. First Hace Kplsode, Tirlter. Phllaxis. Second Race TJlnzcs, l.ucullite. Dry Moon. Third Itace Flannel Shirt, Kni Sang, Sidereal. Fourth Hace Copper Demon, Knobble, Sporting Hlood. Fifth Itace Crack (V Dawn, Duo do Mnrnoy, Jock Scot. Sixth Itace 27th Division, Clougrhjordan, June Crass. V. T. and was beaten 'by the start. Ho hac enough speed to hold his own with any of these if he gets away, and the going will help him. Kai-Sang Is the preferred one of the lllldreth pair. He is a real good joungster and his former races have been- excellent. He looks tho one Flannel Shirt will have to beat. Sidereal llgures rwxt best on his winning race at Aqueduct July 4, when be came from behind and won easily. That it was no fluko was shown when he came out again and ran a good second to Morvtch, being played heavily to win from this un beaten two-year-old June Crass ts sine likely to show Improvement. Has been close to the fivmt in most or his races, ltunster, a nice looker, showed a avmart performance winning his first nent, but he didn't have this kind behind 'him. Penitent is best of the others. Kourtn. nao-.-I.mplte cits Deirj-- one mile and a uuarer: tor thrto jeir old, , , .. 1'roti I'rob. '?,.",. V.-I. Jotkei map. Odda. ,4 CopTr Demon 110 Mi.aiey . log i, tu t alrja 'MtoliMii l27 Sande . Ill i 322 -.l-rtln Itl'd . . llri Kumnier . . M 4 r I ISI2) 'Crev . Ifl Kal.tr . .37 1 lo llam-iras entir I'oppcr Demon has tie'n improving with every race and is now at the pink of his form. Ho l.s a much let ter colt than the day Knobbi.. boat linn in the Iroquois Handicap at a mile, and he is getting four more pounds from Knobble. He will like the route, and mud is his long mt. I lo is our .selection to win the Derby. Knobble is a nice horse, as all his term this sea.son Indicates, but he Is bilng asked a lug question here. Sporting Hlood is not out ot the race by any means. He Is a route hor.v, but may not be as well suited by tho heavy going as the othets arc. n-m it--.. iiin,; t,rf, u dJ , 4 up.lrJ. mie un and intt.lt laid- " ' IniJn llorx. w jkt) i.i (rack O' Datsn 0l At., Hi" Dill de Morni) 04 I'ailahan i) Jn-Js srol. ... Hi p,,r i ..'(it Ihe. l.ainb. . . lit) le 1J) Dark lllll mi itit, .1 t I.n!nnM I n. 1T0 II rap Olds Nil .. tl. I 5jtJ I .' tl, 1 4 to I i In 1 in '1 i'i (hnins-luilirim . 102 Utl KMUteityjibhel .11.1 Muroho liimho li:t n Herd (llrl. n-, TO Kt of Heather . i50' I'hllatla ... 1 in .".i lumkln . . 17 cr merlr-an Hoy. ur r.-ack O' Dawn's las! r.ue shoul.l nave htm on edge for thus v. nt. He has been training vcr wrji and is ruady. Due sle Morney nutd only re pent his race behind Devast.it on to t second. Jock Scot has The I-itub to iK.at for t!io show money. Jock was badly shut off In hl.l bust race. Slith ne Two-yrtr-oldi; Kaldeu, fin and oca-haJf furloojs Pmb. rroti. Inin. Hon". Wjt. Juike7. U'eaj. Otlda. tn-tio-L..iij oun wj mi

BOY AFTER FALL IN Tl Pressman Risks Life in Effort to Save Child as Crowd Veils Warning. GETS SLIGHT SHOCK. Victim Known Only ,is "Fat" to Negro Companion in , Runaway Trip. A barefooted, hut teas Italian boy, nine years old, known only to his colored companion an "Fat," while i romping alwut the II. r. T. subway station under the Municipal Hulldlng, in Park Kow, at n.30 A. M., to-day, t fed from the platform to the third ', rail. Ho give a little cry, and smoke tK'gan coming from his blue sweater and gray pants. A shout went up from the crowd. Frank Furst, No. 57D Forest Avenue, Hrooklyn. a pressman on tho New York Herald, Jumped to the tracks. "Don . .oitcn him, you 11 be killed," tho crowd yelled. Several men reached over and tried to flelre him and drag hirn back to the platform. Furst Ignored thorn, picked out two dry places on tho wooden Mes, planted his feet far apart, took hold of the boy's pants and handed the body up to the men on the platform. "Nat" was dead. When Furst touched the lioy's clothing ho received a slight shock, he said, but that nan all. Officials of the 11. ll. T. and doctors from Vol unteer Hospital said It was the only svisc of Its kind they ever heard of, and that according to theory Furst whs virtually committing suicide when .ho undertook to lift the body off the mil. The little colored boy, who said he. was Frank Kolwrtson, thirteen, No. 29s Hudson Avenue, Hrooklyn. toltl the police he and "Fat," who lived near him, ran away to Coney Island yesterday and had been there all night. They spent what little money they had and isirly to-day got hungry and decided to return home. The rode on a number of trains, evi dently, but he did not know how they reached the subway station, where, "Fat" came to his death LIGHTNING BOLT STARTLES HARDING Policeman in Sentry Box Ncr While House Is Severely Shocked. WASHINGTON. July 16. A unw eleutrli at storm late yesterday put most of Washington's et!rtrlrn power and lighting system out of coninil.vilon for several hours. One hiai j bolt of light ning Htrurk near I'll. While. IIoujo and staitti'd President Hurllns. us he ad mitted afterward. The effit of this bolt was very severe on th.s telephone wire leading into a sentry bui Iri front of the KierutlfO Office, tnenty yards fion. whero Presl dmt Harding was ilttlng at his desk, and a poHcernati inside the box was literally thrown out. lie was not In jurI, but suffered from a numbness In hi" limbs. All HghU went out In the building opposite the White lluase usxiiled by the Slate and War Departments. J1H cloustijordan J'ii Jun- (Jiaaa.. 84) lliaft 2li. II.) lar il All Oter. . . 311 Or'rti Mllase. lt.1 Kill) Klllr .. 27J Heltt.l 'Mi Sidlua The Caunbn. ., T.I7 Awnlnir .... ail Wild PeiM' . JO'l Kest faint ... ttarrUkan .. II It (Irasa . . 2na Vew Orleans . 11.' Keo'ich .. .Hi l.ns.tt .112 Miutllnter 112 Mm-ney . IIJ II.' . 1 1 J .1111 .101 .112 112 112 101 -.112 112 1 i 0 1 in ::uii 'tl 4 to I M 15 in I 112 If :;th Division is ever going to leave the maiden ranks this loolus the graduating spot. This is a good colt and ho hasn't run his race jet. Cloughjorilan should improve enough off his last good race to bo the con tender, General form makes June Grass best of the others.

IN LONDON AS VOICING REAL SENTliyiENT OF IRELAND .

Sir James Craig, Relegated to Minor Position, Is Told by Dominion Pre miers That Settlement of Erin's Troubles Is Desired Ulster Cab inet Called.

LONDON, July 16. De Valero, has won the first round in tht: contest for the settlement of the Irish troubles, and as a result his follow ers are in jubilant mood to-day. To all intents and purposes the Sinn Fein leader lias been oflidally recognised as the representative of Irish sentiment, and Sir James Crai, the Ulster Premier, has been relegated to a comparatively minor position.

PRINCE OF WALES WOULD ATTEND DISARMING PARLEY Movement in London io Send Him Here as Unollicial Bivoy. IXl.VDON, July lb'. The pio posal la being made hero to have the Prince of "Wali'.s accompany the delegates to the disarming conference, when it meets In Washington. Ho would not go as a delegate, but In an unollicial capacity. It Is understood that the King favors the idea. WOMEN HELD AS PEPPER THROWERS IN STRIKE Tain l.rnii l''rniai Wlnsjovtia anil T;eapr Crnvsil. OIIKAT FAXiLS, Morit., July 16. The arrest of eight women charged with throwing rod pepper In the face of men who took the place of ritriklng city street and garbagn collection em ployees precipitated a small riot hero early to-day. A thousand , strike sympathizers stormed the police station where the women wero being given a hearing, and two of the women broke away from pollco officers and leaped through win dows into tho arms of pa-rsons helms, Policemen wvm iitatlanod on tap of all duwntown buildings lo stop throw ing of bricks at men who replaced the strikers and the mob at the. police sta tion wnvi dispersed wltib the aid of a fire hose. Cov. Dixon has beeji asked to use his Influence to ecur protection by Ftl eral troops. BRIGHT HALF DOLLAR RESTORES HIS SIGHT ClilenBO Man .Sera Coin and .luilsr l.s-U II I in ;. CHIOACrO, July Jti It has been proved that a bright fifty-cent piece may cure 'blindness William Ilartly had Just finished tellng Judge Samuel II. Trude that he was blind and was a pencil merchant Instead of a beggar, when Assistant Slatn'ai Attorney Ku-c-hlnskns slid the coin across thu tnblu. Partly reached across a three-foot space and picked it up without the asllghteit hesitation. Judge Trude al lowed him to go on a promise of future good behavior JUDGE MARRIES CUDAHYS. I'aeLrr anil III Ilrhle Heftiart) by ('thulli' and llplnrniial Cirrus nirn. BAULT STB. MAIUD. Mich., July 16 The refusal of both Catholic and Upls coptihari clergymen to marry Michael F. C'udahy. head of the Cudahy Packing Company of Milwaukee ind a cousin of the Chieigo packers, and Mrs. Alico Dlcknnn I'm to because the biide is n divorcee finally forced the couple to seek the sersirea of a Judge following their rapid courtship during a weed's flrhlng trip. Mr. Cudahy Is a Catholic and hU wife a member of the r-Jptsropnl Church. Both denominations forbid rcmrl of divorced personi, to after a vain search for a clergyman they went to Judee t:ha.nm.ni of the. Proii.ato Roun nd fit performed tho ajcrcnionjr.

RECOGNIZED 1 This, taken In connection with th fact that sentiment here has within the last few days grown steadily In tavor of Ireland's aspirations a& out lined by De. Valcra, has strengthened tl belief that T'ic In the IJland U In a fair way to follow the present ' conferences. Another Influence which is making Itself fltrongly felt Is that of the Do minion Premiers. It Is known that they are In favor of an early settle ment of tho Irish question, and It l currently reported that they Impressed this upon Sir James when they were summoned to the ofllcc of the. British Premier, after tho latter had talked with the Ulster leader. The significance of what passed be tween I'Tcmler Uoyd George and Sir James Craig may be Judged from the following message received from Ilelfast: "Following a communication from Sir James Craig, members of the Ulster Cabinet selected to take part in the Irish peace conference have left for London." Mr. De Valora's next meeting with the Premier will not take plnce bo foro Monday, if then, and It Isj likely other meetlngfl will follow. There is no question of Premier Craig being associated with these conversations, the procedure being that Mr. De Valcra will lay his views before Premier l.Ioyd George, who will deal with Premier Craig. Thu Sinn Fein delegation are ready to consider Ulster's claims in the most liberal spirit, and If Ulster attempts to block a settlement they will not llnd much sympathy hero as when' they successfully did eo on so many former occasion?. The continuance of the Orange out breaks and unprovoked attacks on the Catholics In Ilelfast arc already hav ing a sululai j effect on English pub lic opinion. CROWN CONCESSIONS OUTLINED IN DUBLIN Ireland to Be Considered as Unit for Taxation, The World Is Told. r.a.jru-ht. l'.l. le, trw IVre Pulilushaaj U rrrwi ..New York Krrolrac WoSd), DtTHLLY, July IS. It Is learned on good authority hero that the Crown Government la prepared to concede lull fiscal authority to the supreme IrLsh Parliament under the Crown, the Northern area to have subsidiary legislation temporarily, with local joitonomy s For purposes of taxation Ireland Is to be treateil ai a unit, ail moucys to be collected by the Irish Parliament and paid Into an Iilsh exchequer, the Northern area'.-, shaio to bo deter mined by actuaries and banded over to that area's Parliament. The contri bution to the imperial exchequer is to bo determined on the basis that Ire land is overtaxed many mlilloM annually. A financial commission is to inves tigate and decide the exact amount of overtaxation since the datas of Co famous Chllders commission findings in the early 90's, which stated that t.i,-j -nnniiallv nsmrtSLT-ix irciana woj annuau overtaxed :,"6O,000,OOi. The amount ot aach


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-07-16, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280751/1921071601/0011.xml ===

V.;W:KSfc,' '.77 '1 THE EVENING WORLD, SATURDAY, JULY w, 1921.

wantr a i PBnnr

- fit til V I UU I IIUwl -n PUT IN RECORD

' 'defense Not to Close Case

(, Until All Their Evidence is tjetore Kereree. ORES FOR BABY GUY. if.vson's Evidence Unshaken

Guide Beauvais. POUGHKEEPRIK, July 10. The condition of John K. Brennan, chief A counsel for Mrs. Anno Urquhrrft Still- man, 1s so Improved to-day It Is re garded as practically certain he will be able to attend the divorce hearings when they are resumed July 25. The session was adjourned yesterday be cause of his illnefs. It was planned to-day, should he not have recovered sufficiently to be present at the next hearing:, to con fine the testimony then to the legiti

macy issue, which Is being handled principally by John E. Mack, special guardian for Guy Stillman. The plan for an early .closing of the case has been abandoned, the defense deciding to get all its evidence into the record in case an appeal Is mads from the referee's final decision.

It Is generally conceded that the i evidence of Hamilton I'helps Clawson will go a long way toward disproving Mr. Stillmdn's: claim that the boy Is

not his son. Mr. Clawson was un shaken by cross-examination yester

W day, and nrocd himself a young man

afaAntclligence and a high sense of 2-MNty to his friends. lntr!tle rnore than a bo"' illm- oi dark ., .incP:e::on anu unusually good lock- imyseMr. Clawson for two hours and a'Vialf withstood every attempt by Col. Rand to shake him in his :esti- inony which he gave on Thursday. The

0 Colonel, short, stout and blond, is a aoted trial lawyer and snapped his questions put liercely. Clawson re iterated his assertions that nine Months before Guy's birth he saw Mr. and Mrs. Stillman together at Mondanne, their home in Pkasant villc where ho visited. Mr. Clawson said Mrs. Stillman first act the jjulde Eeauvais at a camp on ILake Cochaigney in Canada. "Aro you a friend of the guide Bcuuvuisr' the lawjer asked him. "Yes, sir, I am," Mr. Clawson re sponded. J think very well of him. Ho has my friendship and 1 know him to ha a v,liz at trapp.ng and hunting." Mrs. Stillman and the guide ir.&t m November, 1916, he ea.d. Mr. Claw flos had gone to Lake Coohaign with James A. Stillman Jr. (more widely known as "Hud"), Ar.r.e and Mrs. Stillman on a vacation. tartan guides were tmplojed by a The-1btil!:iiaus. Among them was W Sfl Vais. ila was a tall. athle'io t wlth the feasv swing of his rifi, had straight, black hair and sna'piin? dark eyes, and his leader ship made him a favorite at ottrco with the party, Mr. Clawson testi fied. Furthermore, he was the or.ly one of the guides wh could freak English at all. The guides were quartered in tents close to the lake and only a short dis- tanco from the camp in which thi 3t;ilrr.an party lived. The partv would arise early in the morning and jro on long hunting and fishin; trips. Bcauvaia, Mr. Clawson continued, proved a penius at all woodcraft, and his cooking was such that he was made by common consent the camp cook. Mrs. Stillman wad not well at the timo and seldom went or. thft trips with he: children, but would llnjrer with them after dinner in the evening before the fire. Then Bea i vals, in haltinpr English, told of his life as fruide, the witnrv; said. Mr. Clawson then said that after a time the guide frequently sat with

the party at dinner. His real name, the guide told them, was Fred Kal tuttonoran Beauvais de Ste. Anne The second of these means "Deer wood," Ho came from the Caugh nawaga. reservation, near Montreal, where were other members of the Mohawk tribe of the once powerful Iroquois nation. He had been a lum berjack, but later the wilderness i called him and he returned to the home of his ancestors as a fruide. After a few weeks of this life in tho l "woods the party returned to New sP 'York, Mr. Clawson said. The young rultor of Anne Stillman enlisted In the army Dee. 8, 1917, In the 35th Aero Squadron. After preliminary train ing he was sent tHazclhurst Field. Zdinoola, L. I. Ho obtained a furlough Dec. 81 and went to Now York City, where he stayed at the Blltmore Hotel. At a pall given by Mrs. Cornelius Vander tollt which he attended he met Anne 4 Stillman. And thencxt day ho went W to Mondanne to spend Now Year's 1918. He arrived at the Stillman ettate,

before luncheon. Mr. and Mrs. Still man were there, he testified, as were Alexander. Bud and Frankle Reau val8, flve-ycar-old nephew of the Indian guide. He remained, until After dinner In the evening, when he returned to duty. As .he left, he re called, he Raw Mr. and Mrs. Stillman etlll sitting at the table. He visited Mondanne airaln Jan. 6 and 27, he said, andon both occasions Mr. Stillman was present. John J. Cronln, a former chauffeur for Mrs. Florence Leeds, Identified a photograph of Mr. Stillman as that of Franklin H. Locd., who passed as ihe husband of the former "chicken "llorus girl." Mmf Wlillney 1 inprnTrar Wlf r Jtiihe Here on Sprclnl Train. At Itoosevelt Hospital a favorable re port was made to-day cf the case of I'avne .Whitney, who Underwent an (operation there Thursday afternoon for ( eppendicltlfl. Mrs. Whitney, who was . . in Prides Croaslne. Mass.. where thev

r:i c.immer. on leceivinc tne news or her

Va.1( Tuv snerinl train.

w,. r- - - - .

Defy Rain and Lightning on Major August Belmont's Farm and Cairy Out a Full First Day Programme Ideal Spot for a Brave Ex hibition Bravely Done in De fiance of Terrifying Ele ments Everybody Game and "Thoroughbred" Is no Misnomer The Win ners and Thrills of a Trying Day. By Joseph S. Jordan. The second and last day of the Babylon Horse Show at famous Nursery Farm, part of ihe great es tate of Major August Belmont, some miles out of Babyion, L. I., was or. This mornins r.d . promised to go through with the programme in defi- ance of the elements. Rain and thun der and Ughtninsr h-d no effect on the real sportsmen and rportswomer. who gathered in the open yesterday and rode or strode on the sossy turf. women. lovers Of tne norse, who wouldn't go in bathing unless -.tTire n-i e,r-,-t , thnir iitire was as lor.tci as tniir tllli.- JHiiu as i""t" ni-ll . evening gowns and coiffeurs must be, stod cut in the rain in bedraggled skirts and soaked raincoats, as un- mirff,ii a the in-m inH th.lr wnVi.-i mlnd'ul of the storm and their soaked shoe- as wefe the thoroughbred blue ribb.m winners of the thunder that rolle-d about their ears and thclight r.in,; that flashed before their eyes wlK.n they were going over ths jumps. "What a pity that it must rain-" declared Mrs. Charles F. 'Hubbs. Chairman of the Ladies' Committee, "isn't it just too bad?" "Yes, isn't it?" agreed charming and petite Mrs. Frances Alton Con- nolly of Washington and New York, who rides all the horses "of Mrs. Oeorr- Ellis 1r "but look' Bub - Georg A. Ellis jr., but ook. Bub- bles has just had the blue ribbon pmnea on mm. Bubbles is a chestnut gelding and is owned by Mrs. Richard C. Kettles, jr.. who Is the daughter of Mrs. Hubb3. What were the rain and the rfi-mnln- of leaves In the shade nf thA spreading trees which alone afforded apocryphal shelter on the wide reach ing sheep meadows of the Belmont estate? What mattered whether skirte were dripping and bedraggled and nvircel waves refused to remain per manent? What was it all to compare with a thoroughbred who had Just been declared a blue ribbon winner? THOROUGHBREDS OF ALL KINDS AT THE SHOW. That was the spirit of 4.he Horse Show, a spirit' which required more I than rain to dampen, and .tender, debutantes thought not at all of the storm, the roaring thunder and light-1 nlng swltzlng through the kles as they hung on to the rail real rail 1 birds, all of them "birds" anyhow ' and watched the shining heels of thoroughbreds a3 '.hey sklmmod the hurdle.". All kinds of thorouehhredH rer. t

the show saddle ponies and saddle ,hp r1" stopped and there was a clio horses, farm horses In singles and rUfl tram the lads of the American pairs, novice jumpers and champion Legion: Jumpers, and there were thorough- I "Soupy, soupy, soupy, and not a bred kiddles, boys and lrls, gentle-! single boan." men riders and gentlemen who had I The ladles' of the committee, the outlived their riding dayR but not owners and riders foregathered under '.heir lovo of the horse and the sport to shelter of two big tents, where of kings. . salads and sandwiches, Ice cte am and The army wall represented also, for cakes. Iced tea and cold and hot cof the American Legion, represented by fee were served by a dozen pretty the Babylon Post, was assoclatod and chic debutante servitors. Those with the show, loveily Hebes must have rehearsed "Major M. Robert Guggenheim, now their parts, for they were wonders at nn rvov. Miller's staff, nnd ichnr.n their atlonteel calllnn. Thf:y wen'':

estate is close by tha. of Major Bel- mont, was here, tnero and everywhere on tho field, and when anything wa-s lacking, cither physically or In Judg- mcnt. there was a hurry call for the Major, and Immediately everything

Harvey ladew- OWrtER. OF SLOE RIBBON JUMPERS MRS R.C. KETTLES. JR.. was smoo'.h sailing again in the seas of rr.ud. Gov. Miller himself was to have motored over, but perhaps It was too wet for the Chief Executive. But there was a good crowd there, not withstanding the wetness and hand some machines were parked by the score all around the track. The in teriors of the machines formed the only dry asylums on the grounds. INSIDE THE TREASURE BAG IT WAS DRY. In one of tlio events some ci the men wore raincoats while striding .helr mounts but the women! Thu curud as much for spoiling their pretty riding togs and ruining tlu-ii new gloves as did Leon Marie, Treas urer of the Babylon' Horse Show, for the black treasure bag he was carry ing aljout the tield. There wasn't any treasure in the bag. al'.housh touch ing lemaiks weio Mcird about Black, and White. f Ask Miss Graca G. Shuttlsworth how it teels to be a blue ribbon win :isr, what that pretty blue rosetto pinned to a thoroughbred's bridle means to an owner and rider. Miss Shuttleworth won her blue ribbon of the day astride her c-wn Wllllsden F.osette, a threa-year-old chestnut mare, hands high. Ana you should ask little Miss Porinne Poth, who carried oft a blue nbbon on her P-jy Nver nv: Hnle elr, Mlss Janet Mrf0kay, her owner, nulled another o: tn mu rosettes. Miss Mackav and Miss oth oaring riaers ann spu-iiom ur'v- .s.'..i.. . s,'.mll. hn,,,. Ci9, ami Alltiutri v. tt'ii.uiin .,,.. - woman is Miss lleatrice n.illev, who rides Spinning Jinnv. and all Mr, Tames A. Hewlett's horses and Ruliy nnv' th, seven-year-old chestnut marc cf Mr,. TiaT,c(on Harrisx. riiarles F. TTuhhs, who wns a lit of horses and has been ,is-K-rteei wlth the sport for years. . is a p:mo- ophicnl snort iman Taking refnrn

from the storm unner ine nig Trvna- the blue ribbon winner. It was llr.t to sit on tne rocK." Insr treto from the leaves of wn ch th performance, just tho fatntcs. tip "How long h.ive ,b been r.-.a.'-rain drfpped In copious fnun'nlin, he being heard once or twice as the bay ncd'.'" asked the Recorder.

said that If it hnrtn't mined it might have heen very hot Mr UnWs Pun Dial had just annexed .i blue gibbon. "This i a wonderful farm," he slid, "the old Belmont .farm. They have In the stables twenty-four boT stalls, each 12 by 12 feet and seventv thor oughbreds an sheltered under one i roof. Mai. Belmont Is thorough in everything. T.onk there, for instance: ' Thre Is a flelrl telephone connected h hu hmji(. throlI(jh lt t0 anv I part of tn ntn- " VIMR lw PIF, tpi ephone 1M U4- hpawbacks. ... t,.ho, at tne moment tm Me.n-a of the Ouggrnhidm household. The sky was black, the I llerhtnlnir spitting. slzrllng and spreading, and the thunder rolling with the roar of artillery, whila the rain pelted down on horn and owner Judges and spectators. Suddenly Mr. Mi-ain went limp, hi" knee" wohhled and his body doubled uup. and a most foolish expression came over his face. He emitted a found be. tween n yelp and a wheeze, while his companions to the rear of him let out a roar of laughter. "What happened?" demanded Meara, as he hung up the receiver, with the. foolish look still on his fare. "Don't you know?" chorused his friends. "Well, if you don't, we'll never tell you " "I know I got the hlamedest shock I ever got In my life," he declared, WHEN THE GANYMEDES LOST THE HEBES. When Rugler Marion Se-ymour sounded the mess call, which meant nn hour's Interruption of the sport. Mlb-s Mollie- Maques-ton, y..a Kathorn Hrowcr, Miss Hotty prumrnonu, .uiss Ruth Lawrence, Miss Virginia Law- rence, Miss Julia Walker. Miss Mar- jorle Ketcham. Miss Frances Down- Ini, .Miss DoVothy Downing, Miss

MRS FRANCES! WJi ALTOH (fiNNOLLV SSCY Frances McGratty. Miss Beatrice Brennlne and Miss 'linv Lawrence. And after waiting on everybodj else, all the meo wanted to bicome thfir Ganymedes, but Mrs. John Van Ueveer, most charming of matrons,' their chaperon, shoed away the all on willinc cup-hearera. Then t'i' pretty Hctocn made a run for the rail as aoor. as the jumping clas3 wan pallnl by the bugle blast. Sixteen entries wore up lr. this ela-cs, bfutiful specimens of horse flesh, some from the blue grass of Kentucky and the hills of Virginia and not a few from the preen ptovps of Killarncy. By this time the sky was again threatening, the thundei was rolling, thp lltrhting inshlnc: the dome of heaven and the patter of rain aain beat down on the leaves and turf. fn the cla. wan Harvey S. Uidew's bay mare Ladylike, who won the Who ribbon for the hurcfVs at the Huntirc- ton Horse Show two weeks auo; also his Blae Watch: Miss Grace O. Phuttleworth's famous chestnut troin. Inrr Outlaw. Junn M. Ceballos's iTi'l- wny, Byford Ryan's black seldmj.' Midnifrht. little Arthur Mrr.ifihin'r. piebald mare Irish Knockout, F. B r tuoh's chestnut crlrlin Hern and apraln Miss Slmttleworth's !! srtm P.oette, whlon had captured the- bhie rosette In the novice jumping class. THE REAL THRILLS OF THE HORSE SHOW WERE THERE. Beautiful horses and wonderful performances brought showers of ap- piause to onset tne snowers 01 iuiii .1.. .1 V1...4. .v,,. ' - ,1.. .1 J .V,,. LIIC UUfallU. tA-i Bai.llCli Ll.J jumps and showed their sninir.g shoes, some of them met with mi&haps; some of them just tappixl the t p- most bar of some of the fince. v.hi.e others carHtd the fence ovor win them. At the first appeaiancc of Outlaw there arose a hurry of ospert- ancy, just before that Mr. Ijadtw nad made the rounds on his Ladylike, mare bounded over the bars. Lad- like has a graceful way of throwing hcr hind feet to the right us sne makes the jumps, a motion almost human. But Outlaw was out to win. R.s four feet touched nothing but the spongy turf, and he was well r.dden besides. He tossed his head proudly after each jump and then arched his beautiful neck for tne next one. He sailed over the bars as lightly and ,is cleanly as a gull skimming the sea and brought home to Miss Shuttle- worth her second e.her shed roftte , the day. Byford Ryan's Midnight was a warned til'! ren rioo ni, wone n . yellow rosette was annexed by Mr Ladew's Ladylik and Rortuch's Hero cam home with the bpotless wh te THE BUSY JUDGES AND COMMITTEES. JUDGES AND THE The judges of the various clasw are Col. Mortimer D. Bryant of Brook lyn, Mrs. John Gerken of Brook'' . and Mrs W. A. McGlbbon cf Han -son, . V.; 11. S. Iglchart of Wcstbur;., L. I.; Harry L. Hell of Bayside, L. I ; Harry I. Nocholas. Master o! th -Meadowbrook Hounds, The Babylon Horse Show Commit tee comprises the Rev. Ldward .1 Burllngham, Chairman; Mrs. Rich "J C, Kettles Jr Secretary; Leon M.'r. , Treasurer; Major M. Robert GugR r. helm, representing the Amenou Legion, and William a. Blitz. Asl ant Secretary. The active members of tho Lndi' ' Committee who braved the rerr,e. and defied rain, thunder and lightning te. make the show a success w i Mrs. Charles F. Hubbs, Chuinn. n, Mrs. George A. Andernon, Mrs. Wil' lam Dmui, Mrs. George A- Uills ,' . Mrs. Richard C. Kettles jr.. M' C'harle.i L. McGratty, Mrs. K. C. O and Mrs. John Vnndeveer. OUhts nf tho committee are; Mrs. Joel D. I!n ber. Mr L. W. T. Coleman, Mr. Julian T. Davis, Mrs. T. D. Downni-. Mrs. Wbster C. Kates, Mrs. II. 1' Kishel, Mrs, r. Robert- Guggenheim Mrs. W. T. Hawkins. Mrs. l'n d r . J. Home, Mrs. Edward H. Knid.'1 Mra. Humphrey J. Kioly, Mrs. i:. '' Lacombe, Mrs. Joseph W. Lawreiv Mrs. K. G. Macque'stion, Mrs Wii'uw May, Mrs. U. A- Munlnrk, Mr. U'l win j. .Morie, .Mrs. jonn v. iuhui1 jr., Mrs. (. H. Rogers, Mrs C.rorire l Sparks, Mr. Charle3 l. Tappln, Mr J W. Toivksbury and Mrs. Alfj-ed Wagstaff. 1

HUBBS ONE OF THE. WHEEL HORSES OP THE SHOW

Man and Wife Have Right to Spoon in Park Cou;t Commends Married Couple for Love-Making in Public. It Ie no crime in New Jcrsay for husbi.nd and wife in bathing suits to I s.l oi a rock at a pool and bill and coo, kiss and hug to their affectionate r.eaits' content while a couple of hun- pL.rBcm3 look on, Th -,,,,, ii,i. ..n, i xt... r,lhut rllled ""order Miles in North Bergen, N. J., Pollse Court last night, v. linn ;ir. and .Mrs. Matthew Mar- of N 30ri Ur.ion Street tin on Hill, were arraigned on a disorderly conduct charge for that very reason. "Your Honor." spoke Special Offi cer Maltz, who arrested ilium Thurs- , . L'oliiirhn l".rl.- Von'- '"-'" at LolLinbu I .ilk. Nort.. Btrsun, '1 saw them do It. I s;n in sitc her lap on a rock besid" tha swimming pool. 1 saw them era bi.iue. Tlity hissed ar.d kept it up told thorn to stop, but tliev said they could t'o it all they wanted. S 1 ai restuu-inom. m., 1 Mi ' and .Mrs. Marquard had plead. eu not gulr.y, holding thiy had u pcrieut right to spuon as thev did, and were indignant over tho arrtst. "After what the officer 'says." di c:ari.J Recorder .Miles, "I don't ba-In-ve you didn't kiss and hug' "Tliey surely did, ' averred Officer Maltz again. "And, furthormore, thej plaed leap-frog belom olii2 "Two years," was tno response, "Ah. I see." smiled the court." Cor;- uniting your honeymoon, eh? yinn. it's very commendable that you should hug and kiss. Of course ymj should do that at home instead of in public, though. "Ilo.vever, perhaps you can't do all cf li at home, and must necessarily do It in public. Anyway, it Is noth- mg unusual for a man to be hugging and kissing another man's wite, and a wuinan to be hugging ar.d kissing .mother woman's husband. I think it very commendable that both of : . 'U thowed the genuine nffectloa you did in the park. It is so rare. "Thr-fufore," continued the Record er, "tho case is dismiss ;d You ma Co." DENSEL A H0SPITAL COOK. I'snlnr, 1'nfrnckeil After Klopr-nic-nt, Workrd ut l'liriiham, Nfe.Tibers of his family -nlmltte-d to iii. that Cornt-llus Dense), unfrocked ,,i'tor of the First Ne-Hierlariils Re ..irn.cd Church of FMssaii, N. J., who L opeil with Trina Haniu-'ib-rg. one: of "us flock, last November had worked j itll Monday at Fordharn Horpltal, but ji ie! hn was dlsnilsjud w..en his r.'.ntily bc-came kntnin. Tii.-s salil he resigned ifter v;orklng at tie hospital for a coup'e e,f wccks. It ij.i said he was a coot, there Ills f 1 1 1 1 1 1 said he gave his o"n n'une and . ft tr-vause of a telephone rt'e-'ace that liiv wife was si I;. TJensel, whose wife r, 'nnim-d loyal to him despite- ht f.toliv, ele lined at his t'as.alc ho.-.ie-j .-.co reporters. GIRL KILLED BY AN AUTO. ( lit lit Run In Krrint nf a. Tar Driven Iij- llorrls Spliei'lur. WM.-ri sho darted acros the fti et In frei it if her home last night, ti year c .i i M,.rgarct Herbert of No. Z!l Rul ;i,l Street, rironx, was run down by , Hiitoinohl'e. ho died w'ulu leinsr , I n lo Lincoln Hospli.il. ,liils Selieitor of No. 412 Eis' llftth . i i Ihwyt r und well known I'ronx I, . 'i.' un. wio was driving U.' cur - .iiiestloned by the poh-e ni ilv V vn.der Aveinuo Station, who sum i -il him to appear In ron.t this i i i' on I'ollce &ay 'Altne.is s s-tld the nt was unavolditile, I i.' child 1, 1 1 'in; run directly In the path of thy C4r

T it Out of Hospital After Bridge Dive, Takes Long Swim, Saving Rival on Way. Friends of Goorge Korach, twenty- five, of No. 144 North Fourth Street, Brooklyn, wonder to-day what feat ho will perform next. He is an ex- Scrgeant of the 5th Marine Corpa and was at Chateau Thierry. A month ago somebody dared hlin to Jump irora u uiunioburg Bridge and ;he 135-foot dive left him with u frac tured kull. Four dayH ago he was dLnchargi'd from the Wllliumsburir HoanlLil. Yrs. tcnlay he started on u long swim with I'r.-init l'o.plck of No. 90 North Fifth 'Sticet. They left a North Fifth Street pier and had gone only a short di-tanco In the Bust Itlvcr when I'os plck got a cramp. Korach found nlm where the current had swept him naip a Bixiokbn Bridge pier, and lifter diving eleven times, got him to the rarfauo and towed him half a mile to shore. Then Korach said he must finish his swim and spent an hour swim ming to the Fulton Market slip on thp New York side. As he wore onlv swimming trunks, a policeman kept mm until momm Drought his clothe; In response to a telephone message. HOHpltal doctors founrl him minvr. Ins from no ill effects. He said 'or pomp reason lie clmply couldn't "tak a dare" and that his friends had found It out. . TROUSSEAU LACK MAY HALT WEDDING TO-DAY -)! end Ilrlilramnlil-lo-nr Ac. ensrrt at Shoplifting to Com-plrlr- Onlflt A wedding arranged for to-day In th Little Church Around the Srorner Is threatened with postponement beiausn the piosprctlve brMe, il cloak model, Is charged with trying to complete her trousseau by ihopllftlntr. She Is M artha Martin, clghlrfn, rlv IriK her aHdrcti ar No. SOS Went 171st Street. Miss Wlnlfrni Gould, uho ra t'l be the bildtimald, also a cloak model, twenty-one yeirs old, living at No. West 113th street, was arrestee) an her a ernnpllic. They were arritlmiul brfor MhkIs trat Jean N. Norrls, In the Weir.ian'n Court and held In 200 bill for Spelil .sessions. Yf. Martin admlttfd the thefts, the tollcc ialil. Thfj two were balleel out. This unman detective, who anested th-m outsi le the More jalrl the two had taken three silk p"ttleots. two silk vests, one pair of silk hoso and inn umbrella. SHIP AND FOUR MEN LOST. Solmniirr Sunk In Colllmi With Slmme-i- Nrar Ftrf Ininrl. Four men of tha nerlcnrr ache.eni er 11. Marie. Brown Inolud'.ni; Capt. B. V 11tlyn. wore drowned wnen the sailing- ornft wns sunk In enlll slon with th British freighter Il.i 1 module y. wterd.iy thirty miles off Fire Tslanri. The s-honrier, nvnM In Tifmtein Me., and on'rat'd by J A Kllle.t A: Co. of thN elty. left SniiTh Ambov Thursday with m ari;o of roal for Rafttpori Me The Hal lnndlui, bound from Mnnireal f'r nuenoH yieis, picked up three men frorrt the se-hoon-i'r Inehidlnl th ein of the fnptsln, The schonneT snnle In three minutes. The rtenmer was nnt nnrnarrd

tOWmEhTTH STRCTT &Mlt4t827 VEST OF FIFTH AVI, 0 Where There Is Confidence There You'll Find Co-Operation DURING the war period, when the wholesale seller of merchandise had the upper hand and It was hard for retailers to secure adequate distribution, the whole saler imposed conditions that made liberal mer chandising by the retailer difficult. To-day many retailers are disposed to buy more conserva tively in smaller quantities of needed goods, while at the same time selling war-time over-purchases. Under these conditions, what will the great mills do? How keep their men employed? WE ARM. as you will remember, was one of the first to start price reduction, and has cleared its decks of all war time stocks. This concern is now doing all it can to forward to the mills orders that will help maintain factory and mill employment. This is co-operation between retailer and the mills. Now, when the consumer joins in to buy on our "new condition" prices, co-operation is 100 complete and all three gain. THE MILL WORKER, THE RETAILER (being ourselves and employees who, as you know, are on a co-operative snaring plan), AND YOU, MR. AND MRS. CONSUMER. lifyNote the full assortments of "new condi tion" gocds we ftre offering during July.

Mary Roberts Rinehart Says Her Illness Revealed

'The One Thing Which Has Impressed Me Has Been the Wonderful Support Which My Friends Gave Me." "One Man Sent Me Six Bot tles of a, Patent Medicine Some 'One Else Sent a Sign, Reading, 'Don't Park.' " "The World in Which I Lived Was Limited to the View From My Window. "Every Sunday I Saw a Hus band Roll Up His Sleeves and Do the Housework." After three weeks of convalescence following a serious operation, Mary Roberta Rlnchait, famous novelist and playwrljrht, lo to-day almobt herself asaln, and Is already planning to cnjny the remainder of an Inter rupted vacation. She was alttlnc in a sreat eauy-chair in her suite at the Waldorf when she received the re porter for tht llri'. Interview since she was stricken. Rather pale shf looked, and very tired, as she extended her hand and motioned to a nearby chair. She wa r.ot the amc Mrs. Rinehart who. a few months ago, walked up and down the suite and answered numberless questlonr.. But again, as she talked there came into her eyes the flash of Interest and subdued onersry, and It was evident that before many months she would once more beTldlnp ovar the plains) on horseback In quest of "color" for her stories. "It Is not easy to think of thlnRs to talk about," sho admitted, "when cim has been lr, thr. shadow of doth, but since you r.sk ,ue, the one thlnu which Impressed me during this time hus been tho wonderful support which my frlmd.s fiavo me. I'or three days I hardly knew what went 011 around me, but when finally I ;;rew stronger, I found mystlf in a perfect bower of flowera. Tho i-nw nvervwhere about my room. I flowers of every kind, and It was thoii that I realized h' v much frlemU I nif.nn to one. "As soon ;ih I could, I listened to teleirrams and letters from all over th.; country, and they, too, mude m" happy. I received othui thlnps, too,'" she added with a smile. "For Instance?" "One man Kent mi' six bottles of a patent mcdljlne-, n oit,Tjf 'cure-nil which hi said had helped him anil would Miruly miikf me well without delay S 111c one elii'. with a seuso eif bun or. fr, nt , sign re.iyilng. 'Don't

MACV ROBERTS RINEHART.. f) OWLIV MPVTh. Park.' And then there were lettara from persons who believed that they had been helped by healers, and by tho use of various faith-cures. ,Som of them were really very funny. But," she continued, "don't think that -I undorrate the thought that prompt- ed them. Every message, all the . books, flowers, and thi food. wm -of It qulf Impossible ;or an Invalid, showed me how manv friends will rally around t.ome one who secrat about to -leave, thfm, - l''or tho first time In her life. Mm. Rinehart, durlns hr Illness, lout touch with the outside world, as able, r admitted, reffretfully. "The world In which I lived wr.t llmltod to the view from my window," she said, "but I had one very Inter estlnp evperlrncf . Th only thin;; that I could see was window, di rectly across from mine, and though no one knows It, I became tre-men-dourly well ,-ueiuainted with a family which I shall probably never meet. I could soo thi-Mr kitchen, and I came to ice jj.ilze every member of the fam ily. "Six days a week, I watched th wlf K-et th' m'-als and take ear if her kitchen, Kvery Sunday, hevwevifr, the husband came out, rolled up h)s sleeves, and did the work himself. Now, don't you think he -was a fine 1 1. hi do that? "I do.Too," she said with emphasle In answer to the assenting nod. have- a very kindly feeling towardti that man." At this point It Is not hard to ruess the type of man Mrs. Rinehart re gards as the Ideal husband. "Have you given Ui all your hum. hut plans?" she w;as asued. for some time ago Mr Rlnchtrt had told of 'a pirijected trip on hoiseback through the lldern'MS of the Northwest. I coulri hardly make that," shd said, ".') I've hud to postpone It. But I'm lravlti in a week for the Wwit and will rest up there until I am ablo to urilcrtakc such a strenuous Jour nev. It Is rather disappointing to ! have to give up rny plans, but I'm 'gitiing stronger, and at any rat I i inxli-rstund now the wonderful kind ness of the people of this world of l -s "


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-08-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280751/1921081601/0465.xml ===

ram m, .win i !. natj' y i

TO-NIGHT'S WEATHER Increasing Ctoudinen. "10 to 3" DAILY WALL STREET FEATURE BiS edition

VOL. LXII. NO. 21,819 mm m m v Slashings Change Life Insur ance Corporation Impost to 12 1-2 Per Cent. GAINS ARE $177,750,000. Total Loss in Revenue as Made fc Up To-Day Equalled S968,080,000. i WASHINGTON. Aug. 1G. A re duction of $790,330,000 in the annual tax bill of the Nation will result from the changes In the 131S Revenue Act embodied in the new Administration Tax Bill, Chairman Fordncy of the 1 Ways and Means Committee declares ! in a majority report lllcd to-day with tthc Houfct. Overnight changes made in the trill provide for a corporation tax of 15 1-C cr cent, instead of is per cent, on Itlo insurance companies, effective thls year, this levy to be in lieu of nil other taxes, including those on policies, except the corporation stock and stamp levies. I

NEW TAX BILL CUT

In the case of Individual taxpayers straw hats, held up the ticket agemt deriving profits from the sale of cap- on the Thlrd Avcnue "V at ISSd lt.il assete a 13 per cent, tax on the ..,, , . . ,., . .. u Street at 2.30 o'clock this inorn ng, gain from the disposition of such n- ects would be impose where te net ro1bed l" ' 3 and drove mcomo and capital assets g-.iln ex- ( away before an alarm could be given, cceded J10.000, instead of J32.000, aa ( The men, in a high-powered tour-tU-ed In the original comniitlco draft. I lng cari and a carrying revolvore. Estimated gains m taxes beginning d

as follows: Increase of corporation income tax from 10 to r.". per cent. Jan. 1, 1922, "-jnrs.yo.ooo. License to seller of soft drinks, $10,000,000 Tax of six cents on cereal bever ages, $12,000,000. Tax of five cents on carbonic acid, gits, $2,000,000. Taxe.s on fruit juicxs, fitill dr.nka and fountain iivrura. $12,000,000. Substitution of manufacturers taxes on toilet preparations and proprietary j mcdlclnfvs for existing stamp taxes, J.W.000,000. The total loss in revenue Is thus (placed at $MS,08n,000 and the total .Tains at $177,750,000, leaving the net loss of $790,330,000 estimated by the t'port "Inufctnuch as the repeal of the Ex cess Profits Tax and reduction ot surtax rates on individual incomes do not become effective until the calen ' dar year 1922," the report said, "$456, 1 250,000 of the contemplated loss ot revenue will not be reflected in revenue collections prior to 1923.' Actual reductions in taxes for this

tiscal year, the report continued, arc said tho bandit. Dooley, however, estimated at approximately $200,000,- made no move to comply with the 000, total collections under the new , command. TiiTl" being figures at $3,376,000,000 a The bandit with Kllpatrick then against estimated collections ot $3.- j ordered the ticket chopper to call out 570,000,000 under the present la.. to Dooley to open tho door for his Estimated icductlons In tuxes be- sake, as he wa.s about to bo shot, sinning with the calendar year 1923 Kllpatrick, however, remained silent. vu guen in tho report us follows: Tho first bandit meanwhile had Repeal of excess profits, Jan. 1, thrust his revolver through the wln 1922, $230,0u0,000. dow so as to cover Dooley, who was Reduction on surtax rates on In-J forced to throw tho key to tho doer

dividual incomes to 32 per cent., Jan. i 1922, 'JO,000,000. Increastd exemptions of heads of lajiillifs to $2,500 for Incomes not in extcss of $3,000, $40,000,000. Sdditional exemptions foi de pendents, increased to $100, from $200, $30,000,000. Repeal of all transportation taxes, $202,000,00(1. Repeal of tax on hfe Insurance, $6,300,000. Repeal ot taxes on beverages. $SO,0U0,U00, Reduction of taxes on candy, $S,- 000,000 spoiling goods. $2,000,000; , fins, Hi 110,1100 . . . ..II. ..I I..VM-V 1..YPK. tl .YlHlO.flttO. l.tiilU)' rrltTl"'"' t'r IllNuriiininriil ronteri-nre.

A.SIIIMiTON. Aug. lit. --Henry i-alml lxgc, Chiilriii.ui of the .-Senate Foreign Relations Committee will be . ineiulifr of the American Comnils' . in 1lie Dl.iniiainent Conference as announced at U Wiilte House uay.

Copjrlfht, Ul-I, Co, (Hir r TRAINING CAMPS , FOR GIRLS, IS HOPE OF GEN. PERSHING Would Give Them Same Qiance for Physical Development as Young Men Have. WASHINGTON. Aug. 18. Gen. Pershing wants training camp centres for girls Mmllar to tliotc for training reserve ofll cees, he declared to-day. Hp has just returned from an" Inspection tour of the divisional training camps. "The morale of these boys in training Is as fine as anything I saw In France," declared the General. "I am working on a plan that will give the young womanhood of the country u chance at the, physical training and discipline the boya lire now getting in these camps." LI L' AGENT. AND FLEE IN AUTO , . , One Guards Stairways and Four, With' Revolvers, Over- . . , . awe AgetU ana UnOpper. Six auto bandlls, In silk shlrta nd out. Four went up the stairway, an other waited at the bottom, while the last remained at the wheel of the cur. When the four reached the head of the stairs, two took up positions at the two entrances to the station, one went to the window al the booth where Jjunes Dooley, seventy-six, of No. 147 13th Avenue, Astoria, was selling tickets, while the fourth man told James Kllpatrick of No. 227 East J9th Street, the ticket chopper, who was on the platform, to "come in .ride.'' When Kllpatrick saw a re volver poln,ed at him he laughed. "This is no Joke," said the bandit, "we have no time to fool around. We are here after money." Kllpatrick was backed into the waiting room, where the bandit kept him covcitd. Meanwhile the other bandit was trying to pursuade Dooley, who had dropped to the floor of his booth, to op;n the door. "If you do not open the door wo will kill your partner," , upon the counter. Meantime the lookout at tiic foot of the stairway had halted one man on his way up. "No trains runntns," he said. iuv. lng the passenger bas. "What is the trouble? Wreck?" In quired the man. "Some kind at a hold-up on ,the line," replied the bandit, and the man went his way. Upstairs at the ticket window the bandit had snatched the key and opened the door. Angered at th de lay, he" kicked Dooley, who still (Contlnuid on Second fuse.) Mini hy "I'll I r llr Surprlvril. rutioliuan Jolm UurrlsHii nf Ijl.int Oranse, N. J.. .is .thot In '.lis left n.,.t-, I i .4 .,l.h a.l... u IhN.f ,i-l.n... l. i,'.,,. .,:si ,nu,';i- hi. vlth gocls from a tailor sliop opened flrt, The man escaped, liavins behind In u,. r.nt, l-nll.. , r (Mi' .nil. nf cloth he had stolen. Harrleafl was taken to the Orange ilcmorlai Uoopltal..

! " Circulation Books Open to AIL"

li? 'I he I'rrii I'uMKIiInc New lark Morld). l w m v m MLLE. LENGLEN MEET AT TENNIS French Champion Gains First . Round hy Default of Eleanor Goss. ARE FIERCEST RIVALS. Visitor's ably First Match Prub Her Hardest in America. FOREST HILLS. Aug. IB. Su zanne Lenglen of France, world's woman t'-nnis champion, and Mis. Molla Bjur.stodt Mallory, American national champion, meet here this afternoon. The bleachers around the historic West Side courts, scene of many a great tennis battle, began tilling up two hours before the French Invader the sensation of the tennis world was scheduled tu mi.ke her first ap pearance in America in actml com petition. MLsa Lcnglen md Mrs. Mallory' nif.-ot in the second round ot ( the national, tennis championships. It was only little more than the start of the championship race, bit the con test meant everything to the dashlnc Latin girl. Victory rreant, in all prob ability, an easy wuy through the rot of the tournament. Defeat ni"iini n return home to France with the furled color of another supor-athk't Ilnlliant tennis was ahsured in the match, and spirit alf,o. us the "suprnnc Suzanne" and the !!ery, .'iggreuftiv--MoIU are bitter rival.?. Suzanne said on her arrival here that she wjs surprised at the ease with which she had bet n able to de teat Molla In Kurope. Molla, In answer, said the one thing she wanted to do was to get the French, girl mi an American court, where she could keep her patience. Perfect weather prevailed, as the boxes filled with the elite of New t rk, 1'hil.tdclphla and Long Island society. Tennis stars were present in piol'u sion. Prominent on the side lines were the two famous "ISllls" ol Amer ica Tllden and Johnston, the Davis Cup lifters of last jcar, and this year's defenders. Mile. Lenglen leached tin- second round against Mrs. Mallory by the default of Mims IClranur (Joss DRY BILLS SWEEP ALL OTHERS ASIDL After the Whip Cracks, the Anti Beer Bill Is Assure.! of Being Expedited. (Special From a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON, Aug. 16. A 1 lothi'i legislation mutt give place when measures for I'rohihlion 'arc biougi.; forward, members of the House wen told to-daj. A spulIuI into had lu-'.n brought in by tin- ruks commit t--i making it in ordci to consldei the nifti-becr bl.I- Rcprcsentatn e Stafford made the point that another measure, providing aid for farmers, was being replaced. "Unfortunately the gentleman wa , not a member of the last t'oiigiess," Representative Walsh informed hliri. "Anything touching on prohibition takes preference over anything elst. Mr. Stafford taid, the time has come when. "Everbody must It-Id to the whip of the Antl-Saloon League. Prompt adoption is indicated ot the House amendment limiting the st-an.-'i and fcliine provision of the Scnati . The iiiuasuic! will go to cnuleri ncc. Premier LONfiON, "MnilliN Milp on Fire. Aug. " 6. I"ir ub'-drd l ie "l';iJ1"'!llI Sal,!1- H 1,1 -h Is ear.ylrie Pre mler .SmutJ l K to riouth AfiKa, wis bruughl undi r t eimol to-Uy, -i- .-oi'iilris to a tireless from tht- vcs(e, whlih nils P"t In at Slerr,i Ixionu for help, Tho blaze wiu conflntd to two coal bunkers.

and mr . mm

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1921,

COSTS CITY $50,000 A YEAR FOR INSPECTION OF BUSES, BUT NO REVENUE IN RETURN

WTialen's Payroll Jumps From 629, 190 in 19 IS to $3, 573,137 in 1921. THIS TAKE IN FERRIES But Does Not Explain Number of New Jobs Elsewhere in His Department. Although the City of New York does not lccuive a penny from the receipts of private bus owners win use the streetr in practically every borough and nhwc camhined rev enues arc said to run annually Into the millions, the Department of Plant and Structures a out Lppmxl mately $j0.000 a year lor a stiff of city employees who managn. and reg ulate the routes and schedule;! of thftf-c r'lvatc bus owners. Sonic months ago the city at tempted to run Its own buses, tout was rr-strained by court orders. It also attempted, without success, to obtain legislation permitting it to compote with buses against certain surface railway lines. Why should the city pay at $50,000 a year to regulate the bURinm-a of p-iut individual!! who share none of their profits with the city hah never been explained. Uesidos, It is dlrctly opposd to Mayor Hylan's plan of economy as outlined In his 19 IS inaugural mcs.sage. He told his commissioners tint if they didn't cut down the payroll they would be bounced forthwith. As already stated in The Evening World ome of the commissioners dropped many of the lessor "politically fortunate from pay rolls and increased the salaries of the remaining favorites with the money saved. JUMP IN PAYROLL OF PLANT AND STRUCTURES BUREAU. Hut Urover A. Whakn. Plant and Structures Commissioner, evidently wasn't afraid of tho Mayor's cconnmj llninderlng.s for his payrolls Jumped from $029,190.01 m IMS to $J,57.1H7.t0 .n 1921. In Justice to M". Whalui it must be .stated that this incr-.u' .ncludcs ferries, bui. it doesn't ex plain the large number of new Jobs elsewhere In his department. Mr. Whalen's Chief litis Inspector Is M. J. White of No. 250 Riverside Drive. His salary is $4,000 a year (Continued on Second Page.) RUNAWAY GATE SAVES CHILDREN ON BRIDGE. Ilukery WiuiMi llore Ilrek HeU 1'rn.Htiliiu luln It. Unfit I Ullkfis!..' IlDIS was killed. hit bdtery ilelivoij wu.'on wuol.td mid hu wa.t liaiil) brui .d lu-du.v v.'h- li th -hni.-e ran uwas on the Willlaimhurs It.idge :i i, i erned m'-u the ntiiHw.iy g.itc, .!j ud Jutt 111 lliiio to wave a crowd of o;in:n and children on the lirldgi 1'li.jin In lltikln. Tin l... ji's back was broken. Oukir who lles at No. 195 Drlgg.t Avenue. Urool.ljn was thrown to the ground ALL FRENCH AND ENGLISH DISPUTES ARE SETTLED. I,luii lirnrur Annnnner In Com nifinK Mtiiallon In "nll.fBrliir j-. LONDON. Aug. 16 Question i men neing tht' wihd.-irity of th, a ItPiice be tween Priin.'f ond Crtat Hrnain have ,ii-ii phi isfiieiur ly .-.etthd. Premier L ny, ileorge dec., tied In Commons to day. liiti-wUM tu' ree.'iu curin-, of the Siipn-iiii' (''nine I. .ho UrltiAh IVoaiier df elired. that he was gratified to lie jib'e t a.iiou'.ee a ettlrmeiit of the oio-1 l-vuhX'opif itlle.tmu lie i-liiui.i " r'.t-i tin- I-Veno'i be.lef tliat th-' ,iproiriJlIuii of . i,al, tin. and Iron mines In SllcAla was. nitsential to French security, a a dcluzion.

HIM PAY 5 EVERY

TIE HE SEES BOY Taylor Beats Pursuers to Police Station In Siege While Wife Waits Outside. Walter Taylor of No. Ht South Eighth Street, lfrooklyn. rushed brent hlessly Into the ''lymcr Street Station last night, carrying n threc-and-a-half-jcar-old boy in his arms. Immediately In his wako wnu Shu May Taylor of No. 16 Rush Street, who Is Ma wife and the mother of thc.chlld. Bohlnd Mrs. Taylor were a number of stalwart nolrhhnrs. Taylor told Lieut. Michael Tooiney that he and his wife were .separate J. and that while she had the cti'ttndy of the child, the court gae him the prlci lrgu of having It for a short while once a week. Dut his wife made lilm pa $5 for the privilege, he said. liiM night, he Mid. lie shove-I hi.- wife out of the way, grubbed the boy ami ran. Mrs. Taj lor and her nei.-n-btirs gave chase and the police station looked better to him than the river. Heforo tho lieutenant could get his Solomon clothes on Mrs. Taylor and her party left the station and took up a point of vantage In tho park across the atteet. Every time the father looked out the pari was there and Taj lor realized that II wasn't his kind f n party. At T tn y's sugges tion the father tool; puss, sion of the roserven' loom and t'.eie he had the kiddle build cuul hiu-c uinl domino bridges until his hour wa.s up, whin he called the mother ovr fnun th" j park and handed the child Into her arms. GIRL OF 16 SHOOTS HERSELF AFTER MOTHER'S REBUKE Puts Bullet In Bcxlj, Then Screams for Help In Hospital in I'recarinib Condition.. Miss Marian I.e-ary, sixteen je.irs old, daughter of -Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Leary of C!roe Street, Or.idnll, N. .1., attempted suicide by shooting herself this morning. Sue Is in the H.iehen sack llos-pital in a precarious condi tion Mis Lc'iry aiil 'he ii'v-'itlv had rcli iked her daughter s ver.il tur.es for lenialiiing out lit-; a night and had throitent-d tu stn-l ln- girl to an institution. She belli vis till.) may explain tho girl's act Some time this motning the- gil loft her home and wnt to the icter voir of the lUekens.iek Water Com p;uiy lu Oradell. Rnter.ng th' bushes she Ahnt herself with a jovolvor in the alfdomcn. Then she i-ruwlcd from the bushes and screamed for aid. People In the neighborhtxid found hor and summoned Dr. Charles A. King, who sent tor an ambulance and took her to the hospital Armtil in" " I lliiliin. Iiiillelnl, (aki Mieeily Trinl. Assemblyman Sul t.Mnun if i o Mstu Assembly Dlttrl t. hiwv i I lie iiilief 'of the Meyir eoiiinulli . uml r ,'iili. t Iiielit for ii,nrplri- In oiine-i lua 'ilih the IlMiis of a.i linud r im -mn- tj rf.turn b ''Ikm'. t""-duj .ip'ilii t to JUdtt Sneppir.1 nf the lAsieri, I'dlllt fur an ",irl trial, lit a!d he n. to In a cjnlliliile far ru-i-loetlon and di' jlred to have tho indtter ckarinl up. 'Tie court act Sept.

I "Circulation Books Oven

Kntrrril at Nrronil-t'U.s Milttfr I'o-t Oilier, New York, .N. V.

w KEEP DOWN TAXES Practice Begun Under Act of 1903, Which Comptroller Tells Meyer Committee Should not Have Passed. I landling of Income of the Mu nicipality Under Present Plan ''Unscientific and Indefen sible," He Declares. Declines to Give to the Com mittee His Plans for Reme dial Legislation Prepared for Charter Commission. Comptroller Craig was a self-possessed If nut affable witness before the Meyer Committee on the. Affulrs ol New York t.'ltj at the City Hall to-day. Aft r an hour or two of giv ing information not to say Instruction- to former Senator Lion R. Hiown regarding tho sinuous inter locking course ot the city's flnuncos, the Comptifiller got down to a state of apparent agreement : about ont mutter I he tlcnerul Kund Uond Sec tion in Chapter 103 ,if (hp Iaws of I3n:i, wh ,i allows transfers of ciiaIi f i run the sinking fund to meet cur leiit expenses of (lie cty. Thirty-two lnllllo'ns five hundred thousand dollars were thus I uns ferrcd in I92H. Mr. Hrown bmuglp out. In acknowledging this Mr. Craig added to his reply: "Hvor since Seth Low was Mayor the surplus money In the sinking fund No. 1 of tho old City of Nov York have been taken out under the act of tho legislature passed In that year and held and applied to the reduction of taxation, and altogether up to the ptesent time more than $350,000,000 of moneys, pledged to the pajment of the city's debt. Iiih in that wuy been applied to ledtiie curent taxes, (Jen oral fund bonds hae been substi tuted and that is merely a memo randum, an I. o. U., showing the total amount that the sinking funds have brcn depicted of by applying then cash to curient expenses." U. It is a rtscipt which Is given pin mailt to the method stabllshe.l in 1S0JV A. Yes, sir, it Is a bond thai, according to the act of the legislature, will never be paid. I may add, Senator, that that money could lie better applied In reducing the city's debt: y What I am getting at is this: That transfer Includes moneys from the docks and from the water rents, which are more than ude'iuale in amount t take care of the -budget (Continued on Second Pago.) BROKERS IN BANKRUPTCY, WITH S300,000 LIABILITIES. ANnel. of V(M,nler, Ttlnntn A I'll. I'lll at I 7.",, OOO. A pvtit.ou in involuntary Uinkruptcy was .filed tin, morning In the i'tdt-ral Court againat Harry l' bllchhorn. Wll l.aui II. Thomu. and Paul C. Wo.tei, 8tofK brol-.ers. at No. 20 flroad Street i. ndi r the firm nuim- of Wuotter. Tliom-is A- Co. Tha petition was filed ti J J. Aloxand'.r, repri-si-nting. Krank Klernan .1- Co. with a claim of $3,010; John A. Neytnbous's Son fc Co., $1,000; and William A. Shenton, 5230. Llahili. tliii are placed at $309,000 and assets at J175.0U0. About the same time this petition wan filed, Vooter. Thoiiun Co. inadu an assigiiinr-nt fur the benefit nt crfdl tor.'i. It was signed by Marry I". L'lcii In, i n The assignee named are .Max It, .eh, No. 2Mi lirnariwii.t and IVlwiird J. Jliiwling. No, 223 llioudwa.x Peler I iiiiiier llrnltt I'nilrr llir Kill le. PARIS) ViM- Hi Peler Coup, r Hewitt. In-' I'liniiii. Ainii'ieaii electtle.il i-v"iit, wa-, operated on here to-day fur . ! .cli.d.if iti I troiililc. Ili.1 phsiclaii3 rx-pie.-wrid tvory confidence In Ills early recovery.

DIM ON SO AS TO

TO-MORROWS to AIL" m 11 1

Ml EIREANN IS THE ONLY

"Principle of External Authority Unlawful," He Adds Will Deal With "Foreign Country" Only as a Republic. !,().!OX, ,ns. Id (Assnclatt'd Press). All Milillers on lwm from Irt'liiiiil In Alilersliot uiitl I'snilmriuigli lime been ordered by lelcrrapli tc ret 111 i, fu their regiments liiiinedlutelj. BliLHAST, Aug. 16 (Associated Press). It is reported here that the military authorities in Ireland have cancelled all leaves of absence for both officers and men, and thai all ollicers and men who are away on holidays have been recalled. It is stated this step was taken merely as a precaution against surprise and has no other significance. , DUBLIN, Aiiij. 16 (Associated 1'ress). In opening the Dail Eireann at its public session here lo-day, Eanion Dc Valcra, the republican leader, reiterated Ireland's claim for separation from Great Britain and declared the only Government Hie people recognized was the Ministry of the Dail Eireann,-the Irish Republican Parliament. " He and his colleagues, the heads of

5,735,000 PERSONS NOW OUT OF WORK U. S. FIGURES SHOW Manufacturing and Mechanical In dustries Hardest Hit, Secretary Davis Says. WASHINGTON, Aug. 11, 102I. There .ire now i,735,000 persons iinemplojed In the United dlutei, according to the statement lo-day of Secretary of li.bar Iavls In response tu a resolution by Sen ator McCormlck, of Illinois, adopted t5 the Senate iccciitly. Mr. Dm Is said the stimutea did no; Include- tlguirs as to the number of lormer scr Ice men out of work, as these could not be obtained. The total of unem ployed as gheii. he added, related to the dirfemicc In the number of employees carried on paypilhi last month as comp.ili'd with the p:il of cmploj inent In 1U20. Manufacturing and mechanical industries showed thu highest lierccntage of unemployment. Srrt VorUrr Ill-Kiln .New I'. M.

Iluhlirr llurriMi. WASHINGTON. Aug. 16. P. I.. Pal erton of New York, was named to-day hy Secretary Hoover ns thu chief of the new Itubher Hureau of the Commerce Department. He was formerly manager of the I-'orelgu Trade Hureau of thu ltuliber Association. DROPPED MATCH ON FLOOR, BUT HIS AIM WAS BAD 1-ell Into icohol Can and Ambulance Surgeon Had to l-'i. Him Up. Pnilp Keiinaruore. tlnrt-tw.i, of No. 12$ Sheridan Avenue. Pat crson. N. J.. manager of the Slip per and Hoae Dying Comfkiny on the sixth llo-'r of No. IIS West Ittb Street, while talking with Anthony Rio, a fellow' townsman, tills afternoon llghtol a cigarette and threw tho lighted match on the floor. He thought he threw it on the floor. Instead, he threw it into a hole In the top of a five gallon can which had held denatured al cohol. There was no ixphisnin but blue flames spouted tut of the hu'u and Mr. l-'cnn.imore's facr was burnt d, h.s hair singed, his sbiit s'.iee won lied anil his clgatette wvnt out. An ambulance suigLim frtan Ue-levue fixed him up and he woat onUiotng.

WALL STBEETgWaB flNALm m EDITION UEM

PRICE THREE CENTS mw mm m the Republican Cabinet, ho said. hd adopted toward England the principle laid down by Cardinal Merclor of Hcl glum toward Germany the principle th:U external authority wa.s unlawful. The Irish, he said, stood for thu Idcal3 enthroned in the American Declara tion of Independence. Mr. Uc Viilera provoked laughter by describing the British attitude as that of a great nation demanding guaran tees for Its safety from a small one. when It should be a big nation gttar inteelng safety to a small state. The Cabinet had sent the r'-ply It did, Mr. Do Viilera drclared, because It' did not think the IlriUsh proposals were Just. Mr. Do Vulera pointed to the vir tually Impossible conditions surround ing negotiations with the Hiitish Gov ernment. The position, he said, was that of a man, unarmed, facing a .nan jiolntlng a pistol. There were peoplo who wanted to negotiate to save their faces, he con tinued, hut the Sinn Fein would not I" ,1-llate to save fare, but to save. If possible, bloodshed, und for right and principle. Mr. De Valeru said that at to-morrow's session, iK-sides recounting the negotiations between the Irish and llrlttsh Governments, he would In n. general way give an account of his own department and that afterward tho other Ministers (would glvo ac counts of their departments. Tho proposed reply to Premeir Lloyd Crtsirge, continued the Presi dent, would bo considered In private session. All understood tho serious ness of the reply, he declared, as the t.iti.sli Government Intended to inako it an Issue of peace or war with the Irish nation. Aftir the leply was sanctioned and itaily fur despatch there would be another public session of the Dail r i i-aiin, Mr. De Vulera continued. Further elections to ofllce would oc cur and then the Parliament would w i k upon the propositions to be ad aneed by the new Dail Ministry. Mr. De Valera asserted that Ireland had at the elections virtually declared by plebiscite for a Republican Govern ment, not because the people were Re publican doctrinaires, but beeaune Irish freedom and Independence could not at present be realized in any other way. Mr. De Valeru aid that during hi i talks w ith Mr. I.loyd George the sub Ject o:' the freedom of small nations i h'ch the British Premier advocated I'uriiiu the war. had conn- up, and ho hid told Mr. Ulojd George that If i he itcikgnUel the principles Involved theie would be no need for negotla I Hons J "We lecogntze them and will live and die for them," tho Republican leader exclaimed. ' Tho audience which aucmblud ai


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-09-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280751/1921091601/0985.xml ===

ARBUCKLE TO BE TRIED FOR MURDER

To Night's Weather FAIR. To-Morrow't Weather FAIR, " Circulation Books Open to All" 'Circulation IJooks Open to All." VOL. LXII. NO. 21,846 DAILY. Cnpwlltlilt ttlil, hjr Till- I'rrss I'uhllslilng c:i. ( liie Niy Voik Wurlil). NEW YORK, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1921, S PRICE THREE CENTS Offkf, New York, N. t

Racing Results, Charts s Baseball

I ONLY. TWO START Kilmer Entry, at 1 lo 3, Easily Beats Bellsolar in Belmont Feature. BOUNTIFUL A WINNER.

Defeats Favorite, Juno, by Six Lengths Crest Hill Gets Steeplechase. By Vincent Treanor. BELMONT PAUK IIACE TRACK, Espt. 16 Exterminator won the Autumn Gold Cup from his only rival, Bellsolar, easily thin afternoon. The pair ran like a tram for a mile. Then Extrmtnatoi dicn- away to win finally In a gallop. The time wns 3.SJ. Exterminator -was the 1 to favorite. Bellsolar was backet! at 11 to T Uayonne, the ho favorlto In the third race, dlil her usual vulttlns stunt after she appeared to lie home. Bh went off In front, led by ,1 couple vf lengths racing to the home turn, cud then folded up in tlio .stretch. jTnia left Bountiful, which Jiad been I'SiTinnlns second, to conio In palloplnB, winnlnjr by six lenffthp. The rest weru such a poor lot that Uayonne had

little trouble savins the place money from Juno, who, nllhouch all bin left t the post, finished third Tho steeplechase furnished utiuthrr fluel between Crest Hill and ,ii. Marsouln, who finished heads ap.nt last time they met. In to-day's race j Crest Hill won by a length, but only after they had inn In nip .mil lurk fashion troiu tho far turn home. Al j gard! -was. the third entry in t lie race. Tidlncs uns selected as tho irood , ihlnR In the opening event, Vj 1 1 1 she had to chasi) behind tlio fast Ksiulre and this Killed her off lisqiilio helil on till 'well Inside the last eighth and then along came Sjddle HIhk to win Esquire had enough left to savu the place from Tidings- . Tlmj-a-linir as usual was on his hind feet when tho barrier went up. RACING RESULTS. AT LATONIA. FIRST RACE Six furlongs Honor tic, 10. jicomt' flrto.i. third. Time 1.12 2-D. A'o ran llj-reaftet WIe k Man and Honolulu Ui " ' AT OTTAWA. FIRST R-CH Five umJ a hull lut lones. Navlsco, $21.70 and $3.20, tlrst; Ferruni. JH.OO. second; Tiser Empress, third. Time: 1.0S 1-5 All ran. SECOND LACH- Six furious. .Mil slto, J6.S! and $3.35. first: Plain Hill. 12.80. second: Al 1'ierce. thlnl TIiiih, 1.13 2-3. Non-starters, Myitlo Cruwn snd Or.inhtamsn. (Raoino Entries on Page 2.) MERMAID TO MARRY MAN ON THE RIVER. nrli!e-!o-Ilr lai Wl (inile, lie tnnui rrnni .Mliniij tn This t'lly. The marrlase license record to-day revealu a romance of a mermaid and gentleman who lives (according to the best obtainable Information) somewher.; In the North ltler The license was Issued for I'le.uinston Corson, who gave his nddress as "foot of West PSth Street (which certainly In the river), and Mkis Mlllo Ciadc of No. 10 West 107th Street. She is tlie DanUh expert who recently swam all the tvs.v down the river from Alhanv They are to bo married Sept. 21, but they did not tell the clerk where the ceremony Is to he performed. Corson jId he was an armory employee, thirty-seven years old. The mermaid ,- her ' m . twenty-four.

P.LL.MONT PARK, SEPT. 16.--WEATHER CLEAR TRACK FAST. . rin.sT- lurr. Vnr thr.?i,.uM arrl urnrarrl: claimlnc aIt fulons. aula cera; ri:re '

IK U il ro. U ml ! 1! Oils! 2 22. U f 7 lii!ir. Ji. l lij liooti avl tfaldls 1 l li'ir. I'.1m 'imn. 1171 t-V'imre . . r.v.i I if'ns. . . ,s.. 1 unVioMt , . AV lUllr ll-lls . . CM' IVk'Kk . . ,(,"' I N., 'ii . . . tvyi Vni'aniic . fvsii PneVi .VCi' l.iWnj (nrl i;i:i Itn'.i . i?'.. 1 ,iu a .uu f fl.Jt '11 7 . 4 i'O 1 7 1i I 1M 1 1 a 'I . ft H'l 2 8'i I ' ' 4 I'" H 7'k Hi lin 6 41. 5 t'.O l .IV ml " . 111 II . I nt Hrl 1 ID' s 112 Ii ,lti,1 at iUI " Millie lUmt rl.nl t-l mm ith tho Mrot.-l- t.Mtir k t'it "1 th ulli'i IMIija ?

1l-,.iii iui i: l'iir,l Hill. 1t'ii"he, nrtlp: thi(r-;pt-oli1 u;A utri1. ihl

1ZUII tin nil.'. M.JOil nl,ll M lot i. UUU ill ilrnlfi linif. .1 4 U Inn i, ti. i M l.f'AlB. (0.11 fnM Ibll . , tu'H) 1 Marouln l" p iva Mt 1 't . 144 D l:.U 141) n.V4 AIJJ.11I "crirt lllll nfnt to UiB front -3-n rnl tri UOA njn-. l M-JS. Winni-i. i). riK IIHd-r Ind. "tirtt 6ril "ii iV'iiit 4-'.' Urn " i' .lviio 6W Vni WW mi Mira l- Mm .171 Trl K' iff Bit "HI aW ' I 4v. n:vi m7 ri'iralt f.l'.WjtSt. .Th 11! 3 II id 4 7 114 i . 2 11J ' .1 112 . .1 1 .-. ! 4 I'M 2 . lfMW 7 0 107 Hminlifitl raiillit llaiemif at 'tth! lir tr Inn hail tiiithns I c.'ilM. 'j VnruTii kai'i:- v nt umti H"M

ii pw a id: two miles No lloisc 1 Hxterinmaloi I. 130 RESULT ' FIFTH RACE Dunlon Handicap: mile. No. Horse. wt. 1 Mile. Cadcau 2 Two Feather 3 Super RESULT , no 119 121 " Sx-j-H RACE St. Henry. Won;

BABE RUTH GETS REPEALS SURTAX HIS 56TH HOMER I RATE OF 1 PER CENT. OF THE SEASON; ON $6,000 INCOMES (.cisf-oin Has HU in Fourth Inn-j Washington. Sept. is. nepe.n . . of the Income surtax rate of 1 per HIS III I iiniC ll'l M I cpnt on nrt inc0nvs of more than Loil'lS .$5,000 and less than $i!,000 was acieed

rC'I.U CHOL'NDS, Sept IblMbe Iluth added another homo run to his world rrcoid by shuning- out a circuit clout in the fourth Inning of to-day's came nfriitlTil St Louis. The hit was made off pitcher h'liocker with none nil liases. Tina makes Babe's total f i the season o'J. - o BASEBALL NAI ION.U- KKAULi;. a r i-mMRiuiii- Olnnls oosnooo I'ittsburph.. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 rt.ittetle--Toiiey hivJ Snder; Hamil ton, Glamor and Schmidt. AT CIM'I.WATI- llnstoil 1 0 0 Cincinnati.. 2 0 1 I.nllerles Ocschger and Gl'json , 'niie and Wingo. Don- I I 11 ron K 1 3 ll nt ( lilrnito KBl'iej 1 iiii-il rnlu. ioa. VilKIUCA.V IjKVCL'I: AT NUW V (I It ll Sr. Lotlls. .. 0 0 0 4 0 Xi'vr York. . 0 0 0 J 0 rintterles--Shocker and Shaw ke ti'vuned; AT IMIII.Anr.l.l'IIIA I'ctrolt o'o i i rhilndelplila 0 0 o 1 Batteries UrmUe and Basalcr: Mooit and Myatt. AT IIOSTOV Clilcngo. .. , 1 0 0 llo.ston 0 0 0 Batterlea Wilkinson Bush and Waiters. 0 0 3 4 and 1 0 3 0 Schalk;

Racing Chart Mut pvL Won dmini". plait ttwt. lu. IS, iVuluni Kim lUmer, It, J llunael. l.-aiuer. l 1 ll., 1. 1 ij Ambro . a 2 I'ftiru .. "i :i" MiIm " (' ('a. roll r, fi" t',.Kiinurr IV II' Zrllr .1 7 '4 Penman N H I 'n'tilKt-. Id 114 S(.t t'l 10' MIIr . I." 11 rallaian ill l' Kmninr 10 .1 II) I'. ft 12 12 6 IS ft 10' 11 is 12 caiisM Kajulrt In law xt'fnth ami mm !; mill bp nl had no tiftw. U '..-' 1rt o.l N on riutuv: p trt Slnwtiii - Alius IMnlen. ncl traliifr, J ll. I nlilST Jtr. Fin .lix nr.. ii V 1' )ra 2'i 1"rwfrrd it htiioii . 1 .(V.I 0 . - I 0 A won mil, lire n.l enf half furlonri. main At 3.1 I Siimpti.i'i, 1! IlllCf - iur (Ivnifr. A. Orata. iramtr. t. -tr Tin. Ooi'api. '51 hi r.i. ri. i.1 1 '"allahan . Ribtnn.n . . 1 inr Me Mi (' Kumm?t -ItlMl! '. . (Vxr.ll H 7 A '0 8 7 7 PO ,v Ml .1 " V.'i (vr. sr. l . S 7 3 ; t i-J 7 S 2 IV ., 7 S 2 it 1 ::o in .'.i i vo 10 yi so 10 30 An 'Op rt'l niilrn uH llaronn ahO'M rtUnlj of ivtfi, Uandlc.'ti, t'i ee M-ar-olds and llui . Itelliolai v. 101 Third First 1 Second 2 for thrco-year-olds and upward: one No. Hore. 4 Donna oona 5 Edwins . . wt. ... 12S .. 126 . . 120 Third 6 Elected II. Firnt Second 3 Yankee Star, second; Runantell. third. ,upon to-day by the Senate Flnnnce t fiinmiitpe. ueuuciioiifl aiaio ivrrn mado In a number of othei brackets up to the malmniii of S2 per cent, previously agreed upon. The committee adopted Hie House plan of taxing life Insurance compan ies exceut that the corporation in come tax to be paid would be ;1t the rate of 1! per cent. Instead of 12 1-2 per rent. Tho 1 v would In made retroactive to last .Ian. 1. but the present taxes on premium would not be repealed until neM Jan. 1. Fire, murine and all insurance companies would be taxnl as Al present except that the Income rate would be 15 per cent. Instead of 10 p r cent. Under nnotlie- chaiiKO made in the tliise Hill tnxpaye'.i .thor than cor porations realizing (r.ttns through tho. flic of capital assets would pay at IN' rato of 16 per cent.. Instead of 12 1-2 per cent, as proposed by the Houe, whllo those suaialninp a net loss on such sales would bo permitted tr, deduct the entire loss instead I onl 12 1-2 per cent of It. GEN. MENOHER ASKS TO BE RELIEVED AS AIR SERVICE CHIEF WASHINGTON, Srpt 16.-M.ijor-Gen. C. T. .Menoher, Chief of the Aimy Air Service, has lormall) asked Secretary Weeks for telease from that iotdce and transfer to command of 1 troops In the Held, ling existing differences between i nn M.nAhur n.i iiri r:r.r, m'iiii,, I ' ,. V, , . V.uY . I . , .Hill lieu, tirnmiitiH i- 1111:1 Oi lue .111 Service, were said to have no relation to the desire of the chief to be re lieved. The request, Secietary Weeks said, was based on it desire by Gen. Menoher to be transfeied frcm office to aq'lve fttJd atrvlc,

Californian, Near Victory i;i First Set, Can't Keep Up Terrific Pace. tiy William Abbott. GKRMANTOWN, Pa.. Sept. in. -Thi sun shone down stioiiK when HI 1 1 Tllden of Philadelphia and Willis Davis of California claslmd In the first semi-final match for the national ten-nl-. title this afternoon nt the Ger niantown Cricket Club. Tllden took the match, 10', 61, 6-1 I"ais save him a masiiincciit battl- the first ret, but could'not keep up with Ihe oild eha mplon's tci rlflo- I pace alter thai The ulif l'hihiI, considering Tllden a ' cerlnlii wltiti.T, icseiveil Its enthusl- I asm for thr other enomintcr. between I Wallace Johnson, chop stroke spu- ' .'lulls! f nun I'hlladelphla. and J. O. . Anderson of Australia, who many be llevo will come through to battle In the tlnals to-tnonow against Tildon. Tllden began In whirlwind style. His first two efforts were, servico aces, the ball shooting over the net so fa'st that tho tall ('a' 'mnlan could not oven brins his ..txiuot down quick cnouKh. Hoth Tllden nud )avl scored fre quent urea. Their servltii; at times' whs bo t-ii.,-.li t li- balls wrii: iiupla.v

able. The tall Califm Ilia u .illereil Ilr,K, t !,. must ,,.,., wlthnllt spirited resislance, rspm-l.t'lv 'l"'n ,it.judi,.,. iin, iintrammeled by any he rimhed t,. the nrl nu.l .i.'.nlv j i , H H Ii m wh.itevoi eve. pt Ihose Im tnpped Tilden's drives U"'' ' i1 f ,,M.d 1V n. r.n t.. .is tle-v know ,oiirt to tho side lineB. t!iem" Theie were few I-.liK r.illl. s H.iHij )UIJLN. t, ; , Asc.cla led smashed so powerfully Ih'it invan-I i.ltsf)., AlthoiiKh l!u newapapcis to. ably fieri' shot was cither a place- dly (itf,c,ri t10 ,.ltf,,. of .r,.iCr ment or error. Each won his own, Uoy.i UeoiRc. ciincellintf arraiigo service until Tildon bloke through the ,cnlH f,,r the Iiivi-rness ooiifcrenco

Callfornlan's serico ami won the i slth game, t-2. Davis came minie dlately baej; on tho next game and and handled Til.len'i fnmus i.ill '

road service so skilfully tho v. oi Id's 1 tlons at an (lid. Tho Prune .Mtnls chnmplon received onlv one point. , ter's reference to "Inevitable delay" Tllden nt one I'm" led 4-2 In comes, gives rise to hope.

but Dai Is Cintlntieil lo wallop md race to Ihe net at eery oppoi tiinity. This atack foi'-ed "Hi lllll" on the de) nsn and cvetn-d th.i sc-oie on the ighth game rilden was within a slnsln point nt wlnnlng the match mi Hih n nth game, but Davis slammril oer ilme plnce ments In a row an I squared the count From hfje it was a case of eae'i .star winning his own tremendous Rervlc . Tllden gained three aces on the seventh game, winning in love, lie followed this up liy breaking through the f.'alitornlan's service on tho next game and t.itclni; the lung drawn out set, 1 .1 S The point seme. 'i ii i. I 1 .-i 0 1 I 1 1 1 I ( i I t ; i i IIj'i 3'. to 2 t :i t I 2 4 4 - 4 o n ; o i n 1--17 s Tilden captured the second set, ; -2 The world's champion was In rare form in this set and ei powered Davis u'th fast putting shots. Tllden camed at least one ace every time he served, so well did he 'lave hts speedy shoots under control. The Phlladolphlan refused to pen- mit Davis to come near the nei. Forced to the base line, l.j :a, u.su- nlly on tho run, committed many et. rors and was on the defense throue:.. .... "t 'lie SPt- point i.wri. keiciitl t. Tililm .. 4 1 4 4 f, 1 S I .I.- til. - I O ' 4 II .1 1 jiiuen won tne mini set, ui. 'rti. world title holder cntlrnlv nutria aaed worm imi nomir iiiuini) ouici.iseii Davl, who seemed powerless to got . , . , . i ll.1Ck the low, speedy drives that h, . citae tnto nls court jlko a wnfloUa'

"MUST BE NO CONDITIONS FOR PARLEY ," SAYS DE VALERA

L ll HE SAYS. THAT Had lo Deline I IK Posilion or Irreparably Injure Irish Cause. DUBLIN SEES WAV OUT. Believes Formula Will Be Found Permitting New Pailcys. lONDUN. Sept. IB (Associated Press), Ramon Do Valcra tclo rrnphed Premier Lloyd Georfic at Galrlorh, Bcotland, to-nltrht, express ing surprise, that the Piemler did not see that Ireland's cause would be lr lep.itabl) piejudlced If she entered the proposed ronfeience without m.-iktns her position quite clear .Mr. Do Valeia's telegram said. "I tcceUed your telotrrum last nlKlit mid nut nuipilseil Unit ton do in I see Hint If we. on our shir ncceplt'd j I'oiifeit'tion on the Iui.hIh nt vour Intel m' Sept ? without itmkltiK mil position quite clear Ill-land's rrpro sensitives would enter the contcience with theit position niNundeistood und Ihe cause, of Ireland's rlsht Ir icparably piejudlced. "ThroiiRhnut the i-orrrspondence that has taken place you have, defined oiir Government's position We hove defined ours." "If the positions were not so definitely ippooi there would In deed bo no problem to be dlscussid. It should b" iiivlou.s that in n rase like our", i mere is to be anj re.'iult as a lotnbshell which spread con sternation, then) seems no disposition on tho pa it of tho public- in gem nil to otiHlder the Irish peace negotia- The previilling Indlcationa here am that the ile!re Is to avoid a breach in tho negotiation, that n diligent search Is in progn ss fur a formula whlr.h will inal'le tho proposed con- feienco t'i he held without the saeil- fice of piim-lplH no I'Hl of flther side, and that It Is pos-ihl" to phrase such a stn'etii'Mit uf principles In a wny to amid a bnach. LONDON. Spt. I' (Acssoclaled lrffS), Public opinion In lCngland. so far a s It lias found expresr,'on, Is vlitually koIUI In support of Premier Lloyd George In his contention that nil tho advances possible towards peace have been made by Great Hntaln and that tne Government 1 cannot go further to meet the Iris'' republican aspirations. In an editorial the .Manchester Guardian s.ijs tho Important thing Is that i "breakdown and not a bieak jr has occurred in tho tilth (Continued on Nineteenth Pase.) ball. Frequently Davis did not mow to play Tllih.n's tlrst srrvue ball. It wll, tim hardest hitting seen In the tiiurnamuit. Tllden scene, l a total of 17 service aces, to 5 for Ham "' "' TilJaa ..." I 1 '.. luu ... t. . i i i i a i, , nai Men's "'lilt r 'liini,al, all l.lift, 1111. lllll I UirillMi liTii.t ll'mr. cu. ,n'rt siuidi out 5 ' m. V"n Mrn'i '''," ""' T"K't" a4un' n,m ill4c, , bu,, t,n,itii, hi-rrlns'n.m. ami uinr I'liimrn. i.ruti ami donbi htiaiini. ail tint S'HJ rl"aliT at Hi. Our Swrlal I'ltisa tor 'o. liar A Batunlaj. Ill ; anil 111 OV Osun Kalunla; uitu tin to. nun cimuEUS, vmitu, . jjiu si, au llaKUf S' mill. '!"m"riai juiu I. nii -ll lo-

11 LLOYD GEORGE TO KEEP UP FIGHT Upponcnls of One-Man Rule in City Politics Begin "Anti Murphy" Campaign. Tim fight najalnst Mur-phy within and without thn hallo of Tiimmauy Is spreading In conicqneuco of th i fault of the primary eloctlon on Tuesday, and even conservative Tam many men am prophesying tho end of the One Man Moss Hule. Uist night In tho Monongahela Club at No. 2:i2 Manhattan Avenue, the home club of .Innies J. tllne.s Tam many leader of the lllh Asseinbly Dlstrh'i. the Illnes Antl Murphy League w.in born. The league came Into existence nt an Informal meel Ing with a determination to bend ' every effort to unseat Charles F. 'Murphy, tlio telephono booth Boss of Tammany. Pledges were given to carry tho war against tho Pons Into every district In thn city. Among tho i most enthusiastic members of tho 'new- Irngue an. the women voters of tho district. I Mr. Mii'ph). when asked for nn cvpreuslon on the lesult of the prl- pinrleR, in quoted its Haying: "The light Is oier. Now we can al' work for the general election." : Hut from Ihe Ktanilpolnl of Jimmy i Hlnes nnd his friends. Mini the thoii , sands who oted f"r him Tuesday, I the fight against .Muiptiy lin; lunt Im-. gun. i Mr. Muiphy said practically the ji-nine thing when he stepped out of i.i telephone booth In Tammany Hall and told the astonished leaders of Tammany that Julius Miller was the Tammany designee for President of I the Borough of Mnnhatan. That was th tlrst tlmo that lie irckoned without Ills host. Bight there tin started a vowwow of the Tammany brave.-, for It was there What Jimmy lllnes bolted the pro j gramme nnd went out of the wlg i wain with a wnrwlmop that was heard all out the rrvrvtitlmi He I announced th.lt he would tight the 'r'ectlon of Miller In Ihe primaries. ' Little I'hlcf Jimmy lllnes carried I with him grea' numbirs of tho ming I braves of Taionmnv. for they tcallzed I that the Hlg f'hlff ni longer luul any use for the younger men of the trib". The result of the battle of the primaries nan a revelation to the Illg Chief and tho little chiefs on the res ervation It showed t.hem that at last the rank and file of Tammany were stirred to the depths against the Mur iViv role, snd that at I nasi 20.000 en- .xiled men and women oi me. organ I (Continued on Fifteenth Page.' TROTTING HORSE MAKES ONE MILE WORLD RECORD SYB. V'.'l-'Si:, N Y. Sept 15. A new world's record for a three-year-old trotting gelding was set here this af ternoon when Czar W.irihy, sired b Czar Pettr jnd a grandson of Ax w rthj. irottcd a n.ile In 2 03 3-1. i.'iar Worthy was (! ven by Tomiin .'lurphy. the Poiighk"epslei rulnsman. T i-day's record was the third set by hlnr during the week. In the first lent of the 2 03 pace this afternoon Murphy came close to the track's r.Klllg record of 2.0t flat when he diove is.mardo to an easy hiat victory r 2.01 3-1. THE UOltl.ll IIIAVK1. IIUIIKAU. airadi. IMiliuc Worlill Hulil!n. Sl.ei rait Kjk. N. , I'ltJ 'filnwna llinmin 4(aal Ott'k r'-iTO 'or tat2i stio pajvU opa day aft,! tight. Meaty OAltra aod UaeaLtis' ofcacaa lot t,-A4rt.

TO BE PRESSED BY STATE; EEASE ON BAIL REFUSED

U. S. WILL NOT ASK F FUTURE Ami and Navy Experts Say It Is No More Brutal Than Other Methods. By David Ixiurcncc. Special Correspondent of The Eve nlno World. WASHINGTON, Sept. 1(1 (Copyright. 11)21). Poison gas as n inrnlla if wnr faio has come in stay. Amer c.i'f military exports join with those of other countries In Insisting that th-. gss Ixitnb Is Just as biiiiiiinn m tho lorpedo or the l.nno-poiind shell. Any idea that the 1'nlted States Navy ex perts will advise the American dele gation to tho confefenco on 'Imitation of armaments lo proposo thai aboli tion of poison Ra.ic can be dismissed as out of tho question. President Harding In his Invitation to the other powers pointed out that "It may be found advisable to formu late proposals by which In the Inter est of humnnlty the use of new agencies of warfare may be suitably controlled." A canvass by this cor respondent of military authorities de vel"ps th" ''ict thn! iln American Army holds chemical warfare In bo a recognized mnl desirable means of warf.we that Is Just an desirable as any oilici means of killing the troops of the rtierny The experts say l hey hope the time will never come when war is necessary to settle disputes be tween nations. They niu Just as anxious for permanent peace as any oiher Americans, llui Mr. Harding himself In his spetc'i to tin; Army War College spoke. Ills doubt about permanent peace and Indlcatisl that aimles nnd navlos mould always be necessary. Inasmuch as Ihe Commander In Chief of thn Army and Navy feels that way, tho experts declare it Is their solemn duty to give nicli advice upon Ihe use of the-ao iigein;ie of war fare as will bring a conflict lo an abiupt ending. The prejudice against the iie of poison gas Is of coiiiso uni versal. When Ihe Hermans first In troduced It, thn s.imn outcry was lalsed an against the submarine tor pedo. Yet before the war was over hoth Bides used the gas bomb and America Invented such destructive gas bombn as might havo ultimately (Continued on Fifteenth Page.' CARPENTIER WILL MEET GIBBONS HERE NEXT YEAR. Ocorgfs Carpentler will mret Tom ijll-bons for Ihe ligh! henvywe.gh! championship next February a! Madison Square Carden This was made deflnllc last night when Pro moter Tex Rlckard received n radio gram from Manager Ds;arnps, n which the tatter stated that Carpen tler would b" ready and lit by that time to defend the title he wmi from Battling Levtnsky In four rounds. "I had no doubt that the Krench Idol would I'torn here and meet Gib bons, according in the contract I haie with him," said Rlckard, after leading the message. "Carpentler neier enters the ring unless he Is fit, nnd he wanted plenty of time to rest the Injured hand he hurt In the Dempsev bout. I have no date set for the- match, but will likely stage It th rjrft wirtt la February,"

BAN ON POISON GAS

Prosecutor nnounces He Will Disregard Manslaughter In dictment Arraignment Is Postponed. Comedian Nervous in Court and Shows Disappointment When Told lie Must Go Back lo His Cell. Movie Star Asserts He Has Fourteen Witnesses, Who Will Prove Innocence Pull . Story of Party lo Be Told. HAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 10. pu trid Attorney Brady announced In tlio Pollen Cuurt of Judgo Bylvuln Lazarus lo-ilsy Hint "tho people are rvndy to proceed on tho inuidur charge" ugalnst Koscm C. (Fatty) Arbuckle, who Is held responsible by the atilhurltles for the death uf .Miss Virginia Rappe. a motion plctuiu actress. The announcement oamo after a conferencu between Brady and police ofllclalii called for the purpose of de ciding which of tho four charges against Arbuckle would bo tried. There uro two murder nnd Iwo man Hlatightcr charges pmidlng ugalnst Ai buckle. Aibnckle'a attorneys asked a con tinuance for ten dajo anil .i clash uf lawyers followed, I ho District At torney Miing ,- iIijn was all that was necessary and ill sing that the case be hastened. Finally a continuance until next Thursday was agieed upon nud Ar buckle was ordeied back to his cell all chanco of immedluto leliaso on ball having been remoied. Following the preliminary hearing Itriiily told newspaper men that the State had gone over the evldento and believed It had a complete case of first degree murder ngulnst the comedian, Fnr that reason, he raid, he had de cided It was his duty In prosecute Arbuckle for murder and not for manslaughter, as recommended by the Inquest and by Ihe Grand Jtirj. Ai-biickle's attorne.s e.xpicffed sur. pris- A II BUCKLE'S FACE TWITCHES WITH fJERVOUSNESS. During th''' brief session of the court and while he was hearing tho wnd that he must defend himself on a charso of murder, Arbuckle sat playing with his green cap, his lav twitching at times and plainly nen nis and disappointed. "I see no reason why jou should wish lo delay Ihls hearing." Mr.' Beady told Counel Domlnguez for the defense. "Your client does not bale to take Ihe ivlinesa stand." 'I know he d iei.'.'t " unsweied Do mmgurz "That's elemental." Thill's whi I w.is an mire jou kaew it," flashed baik Urady. i Arbutkle n.most smiled at th ; -ally. j Police Judge Lazarus who was pre ! s'dlng. then ImpreseJ on the attor ! ,ieya his belief that it was to the ad- v-ntuge af the defendant, if Innocent, i o have an ear'y trial and to do all ' .isslble to speed ui the case. He asked that tho attorneys reach an ' agreement without forcing him to make sn arbitrary decision. ' The decision for a continuance until i Thursday was then reached. In search for another feniatlon or I for a gUmptjo of Arbuckle, there saa a larf crowd at tha doorway; t4


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-10-19, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/0023728155A/1921101901/0418.xml ===

EXPLODES IN MICK'S To-Night's Weather Probably Light Rain. Evening World Reports Gen. Diaz's Reception in Photographs On Page 16 To-Morrow'i Weather Cloudy and Colder. " Circulation Books Open to AIL" "Circulation Books Open to All." VOL. LXII. NO. 21,874 DAILY. l?::1' TriK.bl,,wr" NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1921. I'ntrrnl .,, Hrroml-CliMt Miittrr Pint Utllcr, New York, ,N. T. PRICE THREE CENTS

BRITAIN IMS RADICAL STEP TO GAPTURE TRADE OF WORLD:

LLOYD GEORGE TELLS PLANS

Government to Grant Traders 100 Per Cent. Guarantees and Extend Credits. i TO AID 1,750,000 IDLE. England Now in Worst Slump in Century, Premier Tells Commons. LONDON, Oct. 19. Tho situation In England us regards trade and un employment is ore than at any time since llio end of the Napoleonic Wars, declared Prime Minister Lloyd George .:i the House of Commons to-day whilo outlining: tho Government's policy on these two subjects. At picsent. he sold, there are 1,753, OOO persons unemployed, and added that the greatest unemployment, to the extent of 17 per cent., was In the) metal trades. i lu declared '.ha causes for this situation could ull tie summed up in I ni wnid war. i As i p.ut of the Government's plan if alleviation, lio hSU'l Uio liovein .leiit pr oposed j tisk 1'arllament for hi jppiopi lallou of another LSUJ.ud") . enable c.t-ser'. ice men to emigrate iO the Dominions, where, ho said, oU.uuu already had settled with Gov ernment assistance. Tinning to the question of trade, Mr. l.lnjil Gcoige said there were undoubtedly signs of revlvul In .some uf the most important industries of Kngland but that also thero were very Imiioitant Industries which were not showing wigs of revival. Ho said it was true that trade was beginning io move, but that a man would have to be very snmrmne who could pre dict a return to normal conditions nt .m earlj date. He c.iid Great Briain's intereat in the reitoration of trade rested upon the revival of trade in industry and England's purchasing, capacity abroad. He added that the Govern ment proposed to amend the export credit scheme. Mr. Lloyd George declared it was obvious that neither tho exporter nor iho Importer cm hi build upon "an acrobatic basis of exchange." He i:ild if tradu was to lx started up again at all, there must bo tho ele ment of risk but that the Govern ment had concluded that the risk was much greater by standing still and doing nothing. It was proposed, he said, to raise the guarantee to traders from 85 per cent, to 100 per cent, and to fix a maximum for each firm to be deter mined by an advisory committee. Hs said the first proposal of the ex port credit scheme was that it (Continued on Twilfth Page) COURT REVOKES TWO SPEEDERS' LICENSES, IMPOSES HEAVY FINES.

Mnuii-tralr W. Hiuce Cobb in TrntUY Court to-day revoked two drivers' licenses and handed out prison .sentences and heavy fines to other trallle violators. Han Toal, twenty-one, of No. 10 1'ihuin Street, tlhndalc, L. I., had his , license tcMiked and was sentenced to live 'rt.ih in the city prison as a i u-d olfender for speeding. A'roiison W. King, twenty-six. ot Xo. lit) Hard Street, S. I., had his U.aac revoked and was tinsel J73 as a second olfender. C Sehroddor of No. 256 West i'Jth Street, who aid ho was a former Colonel in the army, was lined $50 tor reckless driving, and Low Urown, a sons writer, of No. Sill Heels Vve ' uc, tho Bronx, na fined ift for hpeedlng. (Racine Entries on Page 13-l

CUT ORDERED TO PREVENT

RACI JG CHAjuT and LATE SPORT NEWS ON PAGE 17 AS WHISKEY BRIBE, F Samuel Albreiglit Held on Charge of Trying to Buy Liquor Withdrawals. Samuel Albrelght. whose address Is withheld by the Prohibition enforce ment officials, was arrested at the enforcement headquarters to-dny on chnrges of bribery atid attempted bribery. It Is alleged that he offered J50.0UO to Acting Prohibition Director Yellowley and his lieutenant, Green Miller, If they would co-operate with him in releasing whiskey on behalf ot "nine or ten distilling companies." "Albrelght came to mo several days ago and ban paid a number of visits since," Miller said. "Wo played him along. Ho said he represented nine or ten big distilling companies and all he wanted us, Mr. Ycllowldy and me, to do was to approve applications for withdrawal permits. "The whiskey, ho said, was to be withdrawn In lots of 100. 200 and 500 cases. His offer was to pay us $50,000, not In a lump sum but at tho rate of Jin a case as fast as the whiskey vas withdrawn. And ho said that after tho first $50,000 had been paid there would bo plenty more. He said Mr. Yellowley and i would never have to worry about money again. Wo would both bo rich, ho said, In six months. "I pretended to give serious con sideration to his offer, but played for tlmo and to string him along. He was in hero again last Thursday, and to day he camo In again In the matter of the Hunter permit. I pretended to yield on that and naked him how much it was worth. Ho said $200 at first, then i increased It to $500, or which ho handed over $200. I then I arrested him and took him before Mr. 1 lellowlcy. I "Thero ho told us we wrre both fools. He said bribes had been taken by our predecessors and would be taken by our successors." Tho prisoner was tnken to the Of fice of United State Attorney Joyce for questioning before his arraign ment. JERSEY 8-CENT FARE IN EFFECT TO-MORROW l.oiidnrliira Will lame llrerliila li llr, llrilff-iiiril If Incrcnae la Cur. TRENTON, Oct. 15. Tho eight-cent fare ordered by tho special Federal Statutory Court here will go Into effect t 12.01 A, M. to-monoiv on all lines ot the Public Sctvlco Railway Company In New Jersey. Tho new rate Is S-ccnt base cash fure, or four metal tokens for 30 cents and ono cent for a transfer. A receipt for ono cent will be Issued to each passenger and receipts for two cents for each block of four tokens. If the Increase as at present allowed I declared unjust, the company must re deem the receipts. .

BOMB BURSTS IN PARIS HOME OF HERRICK TWO MINUTES

i BEFORE AMBASSADOR ARRIVES

Explosion Injures Valet and Damages Residence of American Envoy. SEQUEL TO THREATS. Warnings Sent to Embassy After Conviction .of Italians of Murder in U. S. PARIS, Oct. 19 (Associated Press). A bomb exploded to-day In the house or Myron T. Herrlclt, the Amer ican Ambassador, seriously injuring the valet who opened tho package containing lu The room In which the explosion occurred was wieqked. Ambassador Merrick attlved at the house two minutes tlttcr tile bomb blew up. The bomb was contained In a care fully madi package, addressed per sonally to the Ambassador, who. It appears, mjght well have opened It himself, as It seemed to be a gift designed for him. The Ambassador's valet, however, happened to see the package and opened It to save Mr. Hcrflck the trouble. It was during the afternoon that the package was delivered. Immedi ately after the explosion Ambassador Heirlck went to the Hotel Crlllon, where Gen. Pershing Is stopping. The Prefect of Police Joined the Gener.il and tho Ambassador there, and this evening they were conferring on tho case while the entlro detective service of Paris was at work in an attempt to traco the origin of the bomb. ' Considerable dumage was done the Ambassador's residence, outside tli3 room where the explosion occurred as well as within It. Threats to tear down tho American flag over tho American Kmbassy here are contained In over 300 letters which have been received at the Km bassy In the last few days protesting against the conviction In the United States ot Nlcolo Sacco and Uartolo mco Vanzettl, two Italians, for the murder of Frederick A. Pnrmontnr. paymaster of a shoo manufacturing establishment at Hralntroc, Mass. There have been numerous demon strations by tndlcal elements In Italy over this case, and the Communist newspapers here In Paris have taken up the campaign, announcing n ma meeting for Frldny. It .Is reported an attempt to demonstrate in front ot tho Kmbassy Is being planned to ful low this meeting. Tho police and the French Govern ment departments have initiated pre cautionary measures. CAUGHT AS SWINDLER VIEWING DIAZ PARADE sprotator Arniaed l- Another of srlllna 1 1 1 in I'nkr (icni. Anthony Celanteno of No. 2ti 41st .Street, Corona, L. I., caused the ar icst of a man said to be Gactano Torre, twenty-three, of No. 110 Third Avenue during the parade for Gen. Diaz, at 'Wall Street and Broadway to-day. He alleges Torre fleeced him out of a diamond ling and Jewelry by sell ing him n paste ring for a diamond worth 5300 two weeks ago. Torre was taken to the West 30th Street St.vlmi where the story of Celanteno v. investigated. It was whili viewing the parade that Celanteno saw Torre and asked Patrolman Fitzgerald to hold him. I' no In Anli mot In I'litlil With HlBlm n men. WIIBELINU. W. Va.. Oct. ID Two men en louto in an automobile from Aetnavllle. O.. to Wheeling to-dny woro iihot In revolver battle w.th highwaymen. The men aro Frank Machare and Samuel Dlbella, Mastnro Is dying In a hospital at Martin's Ferry. tuk Nuiii.n U..IU.I. ncit i:.u. ttcM. IMUtirt IWorldl Uulldini. 63-43 I'm lion M. Y. Cltj. Trlsybona Ueekoitu lluu. Check iikto tot Wzig) sru p&lvU open dly ftM night, Mont j onlcn tod mill n-i for UU. J'ttU

MY RON T HERBICld. CAPTURE SLAYER OF'CHILD AFTER HE Negro Tells How He Killed Nine-Year-Old Girl "for Mak ing Noise" and Hid Body. VfNELAND, N. .T Oct. 19. Louis Lively, colored, wanted on a chargo of murdering Matilda Russo. aged nine. In Moorestown, N. .). was cap tured here to-day. He confessed to tho murder to Mayor Ferdinand Koetz, and said ho deserved death. Beforo he was captured. Lively shot Patrolman Asa Wilson three times. Wilson may die. Ono steel Jacketed bullet penetrated Jtls right lung. One bullet hit him in tho right h.Uid and one in the left hand. Lively was taken to llrldgeton, N. .1., the county scat, to-day to bo locked up there, for it was reported that soma citizens of Moorestown wero oh-their way here and tho local authorities feared an attempt might bo made to lynch Lively. A crowd began to gather In front of tho County Jail, at Orldgeton tin soon as It became known thnt Lively was thoro. Within n short tlmo ubaut 1,000 persons were around tho build ing. Tho crowd whs Indignant against Lively, but mado no attempt at a lynching. Matilda Russo disappeared on Juno i. Her body was found burled In tho dirt floor ot Llvely's houso on Juno 10. Lively had disappeared. Patrolmen Wilson and James Flor entino saw him at 6.15 A. M. to-day at Landla Avenue and the lloulevnrd, Vlneland. They followed him a block to Fourth and Wood Streets, where, with drawn rovolvcrs, they ordered him to surrender. Lively quickly drew a .SS-callbro automatic pistol, according to Florentine und began tiring. Lively ran and Florcntlno pursued him, firing. None of the shots htt Lively. Florentlno got n shotgun und captured Lively hulf a mllo away. Lively still had his gun, but did not tiro at Florentlno. Florcntlno touk him Immediately to tho lock-up and there Mayor Ferdinand Kootz ques tioned him. "I killed the girl and I don't care how quick you kill me." he is alleged to have said. Lively wns asked how ho managed to live while eluding the authorities, und replied, according to the police: "I've got a pretty strong right arm. I guess tho police up lu New Kngland will know pretty wnui how some pietty stiff Jobs were pulled off there. I did a llttlo hnuseureaklng and I held i u couple ot automobiles, I managed to keep myself supplied with money. I guess I look too much llko n whltu man for people to think I am colored." According to the police, Lively said (Continued on Second Page.)

z Ferryboats Carrying Thou sands Accompany Him to Landing Place at Battery. GREETED AT CITY HALL' Gives Fervent Thanks for Re ception and Praises America for Part in War. The United Stntes Government and the City and State ot Now York, aided by ten of thousands of Joyfully tcitcd sons nnd daughters adopted from Italy by America, welcomed to day Gen. Armando Vlttorto Diaz, Commander In Chief ot the Armies of Italy. The formal State and City welcome was at City Hall. Major Ocn. Kobert Lee Bullard and his staff met Oeu. Diaz at tho Hat trry and accompanied him with a picked battalion of tho 22nd United States Infuntry, it Bquadron ot police cavalry find R marching multitude of thoso who -had made his si noting afloat nnd nshoie n. marvellous dis play of color and u mighty racket of cheerlnc and prolonced "Vivas." Gen. Diaz spoke his Informal meet ings m tho deck ot the urmy steumer Lexington, which had gtine down the bay to meet tho Italian liner Gin se.ppe Verdi us she camo In Irom Sandy Hook, escorted by two de stroyers and tt squadron of buzzing nlrpluneti. All about the Vcrdl was a bobbing and careening flotilla of public and private cra't. There wero 13,000 per sons on the ferry boats Gaynor nnd Queens and the departmental steamer Correction. Thero wero nearly as many more on exclusion steamers. Thcio wa a band ot some sort on nearly every boat from tho Police Baud und Street Cleaning Hand on tho terry boats to string otehustras on tho smaller vessels. Like the big Vcrdl, ull of them were a-flutter with flugs and streamers. From the foto truck of the Verdi flew the flag uf tho Generalissimo of the Italian Army, white with threo red stars. GREETED WITH STRAINS OF "STAR SPANGLED BANNER." As the Lexington and the rest of tho fleet ranged alongside the liner. Gen. Diaz Was seen standing on the bridge of the steamship bcsldo her commander, Captain Vlncenzo Ro mano. The Police band played "The Star Spangled llanner." Gen. Dluz uncovered and tho two thousand Im mlarants -who lined tho lower rnll of tho steamship enjoying tho honors paid to their countryman by strangers wero quick to follow his example. "The Royal March of Italy" followed, Police Boat 329, a formor subma. rlne chaser, was used as u bridge from the hlch deck of tho Lexington to the liner and Gen. Geornc A. Win- gato, former Commander of the 27th Division Artillery, representing the State and city, and a committee, went up and brought tho General and hla staff down with them. Ho stepped briskly ncross the 339, smlll broadly Into tho muzzles of two Bcote still and movie enmoras. On tho Lexington he spoke briefly. Ho began In Kngllsh, but was ob viously so stirred that ho wlbhcd to (Continued on Sixteenth Page.) Classified Advertisers Important! ClUMtflaa dTrtlalns" cop for Tea Sunday World should ta lu Tba World orilca On or Before Friday PrtceJlng Publication THE WORLD

ra n WAR HERO

RATES ON FOOD, COAL GRAIN, LUMBER

HARDINC IS SURE AVERT BIG STRIKE Government to Back Labor Board With All Its Power to Enforce Its Decrees. By David Lawrenrv. (Special Correspondent of The Eve nina World.) WASHINGTON, Oct. 19 (Copy- right). President Harding has de termined to make tho United Slates Railroad Iabnr Hoard so Important that when It hands down a decision saying cither side In a controversy Is wrong, the full weight of public opinion will bring the necessary prca suro to benr to compel obedience to the mandate of the hoard. This was tho original Idea of Con gress in creating the board, and the first chnllenge to tho power of the board has developed. Kxecutlve In fluence has saved what might other wise have been a steady colhipso of the whole structure erected by Con gress. Mr. Harding has made It clear th.'U he wants the Railway Lalx Hoard to go ahead and call both sides to task. Mr. Harding's course will unques tionably prevent u strike, for neither tho rallloads nor tho labor leaders would be nblu to compete successfully against a lonnal decision as to who was right or wrong. Both sides pri vately will admit that. The President feels that the United States Railroad Labor Hoaid should act sternly with any organization which flouts Its de cisions. Ho approves of the sum mons sfiit to the. railroad brother hiHiil chiefs to come to Chicago o tall: things over Informally, and mukes It clear that hu wlshi.'s the board will also call lu promptly olllclals of the Pennsylvania Railroad who recently dotted tho decision ot the board. Mr. Harding believes tho Railway Labor Hoard will succeed only If It plays fair with both sides, and that It must be Just as ready to chastise a big Institution llko the Pennsyl vania Rallrond as a railway union. Mr. Harding Isn't showing any par tiality to either side ho Isn't actu ally Interfering In tho details of the controversy. Ho keeps on pointing out that Congress has created the Labor Board to settle disputes and tbnt both sides must too the mark and obey that board. Mr. Harding has confidence In tho Intogrlty, hon esty and fair-mindedness of tho board and believes public opinion will fol- luiv its decisions. Tho railway biotlierhood ohlefs (I'ontlnucd on Twelfth Page I JAIL DELIVERY FOILED IN YONKERS AFTER BAR IS SAWED OFF. A wholcsalu exodus from the city Jail In Vonkers was prevented to-day by Lieut. Kdward J Quirk of the Vcnkeis Detective Agency A bar in a window lending to u pnssaitc-way in the tear of tho bill had been Hawed through and Hawimr hail been slurted on .mother The prisoner charged w.th leading the attempt gave his name a-. Wilson (' Steuart of C'hamplaln, N. V He was serving a prison sentence for possessing a stolen automobile. Stiruart was ararlgned beforo Act ing City Judge Charles W. Ilootv, and he denied any knowledge of the conspiracy. The Investigation was begun when one of tho prlsonors tipped off Quirk that something was tu happen,

H S NEW PLAN WILL

TO BE ORDERED IN

Reported to Be Ready to Notify Roads of Change That Will Help ReduceCost of Living Conference in Chicago Shows 1,500,000 Men Not Ye t Agreed injoining Walkout. WASHINGTON, Oct. 19. Induction of the freight rates now ap plying to several important commodities virtually has been agreed upon by the Interstate Commerce Commission, it was learned here to-day from a high Administration ollicial.

A horizontal reduction of all

but the rates will be cut on commodities which play a big part in the continued high cost of living. -, Sj 'Hie rate cuts probably will apply to all grains, lumber, coal, veg etables, hay and citrus fruits.

L Enough Cyanide in Home Made Fudge to Kill All in Chicago Hospital. CHICAGO. Oct. 19. Soven nurses of tho West F.nd Hospital fought for their lives to-day after they had eaten candy containing cyanide poison. Tho candy, which came through th ninll and was addressed to Miss Helen Roscnfeld, wn.s homo mado chocolate fudge. A typewritten card In the box read: "From a patient who wns an ardent admirer, this candy was faithfully made." Miss Roscnfeld, who Is seventeen jears old and a student nurse, Invited other nurses to her room and offered them some ot the candy. Within a fuw minutes after tho girls had eaten tho candy, thoy were writhing In agony and then fell un conscious on tho floor. Quick use-of stomuch pumps saved their lives. It was said at tho hospital. In addition to .Miss Rosenfeld, these others uro seriously III; Torcsa Ihfe, Alma Domfleld, Helen Leslie, Anna Ruble, Daisy Casey and Grace Break stone. Analysis of the candy by physicians showed It contained enough poison to kill every person In the hosp'.tal. Kvery portion nnd crumb contained poison. Cyanide tnkes life quicker than any othor poison, Dr. II D. Vnlln, chemist at the hospital, said. Death usually comes lu a few minutes, he stated. Post Oltlco .nsyectors are making nn exhaustlvo sean'li for tho sender ot tho candy. They advance the (Continued on Second Page.) INSURANCE FIRMS FINED $9,500,000 AtisMsMppi Judge Imposes Penalties Ranging l-'rom $!,000 Up to S195.875. JACKSON, Miss, Oct. IV. Chan cellor V. J. Stilckrr to-day Is.iutil .1 decree in tho Hindi Co'inty Chan cery Coutt Imposing fines acgrr guli.ig nearly 59,100,000 on fire In surance co n; panics formerly doing bus.ncES in th'.s State. T'alrt) -Crec eompanler were fined $19!i.37R ach. Others vro fined from 11,000 upwards.

SENDS ONE BY MM

freight charges will not be made,

It Is liiKtrrntnoil linrA Mm ..' tutlvea of tho public group ot the Railway Labor Board received assu a net's from members of the Interstate Commerce Commission while In con ferenco here a few duys ago that Uio rato cuts woro Imminent, nnd infor-, matlon to this effect may be placed before brotherhood leaders when they appear 'boforo tho board In Chlcaglj to-morrow, in the hope of Inducing , them to rescind the strlko call. ino rute cuts, It Is said. wlll'"u ordered on several applications ot vow. rlous associations which have been pending before the commission fj? several weeks and on which extensive hearings have been held. ; Railroad executive have ubjectod to the reductions, but !t was Icarnod that the commission, backed by President Harding, wtl." force thunf lo accept the cuts, under a throat ot death to the Rail Rofundlns; BUI nov pending In Congruta. ,: TOLKDO, O.. Out. 1.- Tb Inter state Commerce Commission la pre4 pared to order an Immediate frelfKi rate reduction to prevent a renernf railroad strike, tho National Coal As sociation In Washington ad-rlsed members hero to-day. Tho taJcfrani from George II. Cuahloc of the fo.i tlonal association said the atejc would be taken It railroad exoeuj t'.ves "resisted" efforts to-morrow t'n. avert the strlko. 'A Mr. Gushing said the plan wu c-i cepted In official circles "as mean.njc a way lias been found tc avoid uw strike." it "Ton commission has docld4 that, a rat reduction must corns iinmedl-; ately, on five days' notice," the tel-j gram said. "It la expacted railway ein--ployees will accept this way out of th; linmodlnto strike. It railway exe-cu-' tlvea resist, the commission is pre: pared to order rate reduction." J! ORDER FOR STRIKE : ON D. & H. GIVEN TO ITS WORKERS! N. Y. Central Men iso Reported; to Have Received l omul .; Notice. ALBANY. (K ' '-Strike nrdmVJ .calling out the n ductors, firemen ,.u . -i enjrineertf, coajj . J',rrhpl,ers were. received hero by tho luCKl brother-t hood otticUU to-day i.::d inuii'.'UUite!) . tran&mltHi! to local union r.mcl'ilSj li:roi,ihnut the Delr.ivaro and Ku&iou li illroad syatutn. jj I'nder the -jrilar Iv.uod hare lita eji tir ' iri.v.vtro nd Hudson syxtviu wlll( bo tied up at C o'clock on the moro! . . . Jt was ni so rcjortod V.cii that strike orders wvre being sent out from Hyr.il cuso to-day ordering tho einployo


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-10-19, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/0023728155A/1921101901/0420.xml ===

i jL ii jj L V L vr V o iw xi jj ) vr jjwk iioDAi, O v x w Jl lit it A o ul

3,000 WIDOWS HEAR FORTUNE FOUND

OF BETTER THINGS Mayor Hylan Praises Miss Sophie Irene Loeb for Her Fine Achievements. PLEDGES FURTHER AID. Declares That as Long as the Movement Continues He'll Support It. Mors than 3,000 widows crowded Into the Washington Irving High School) lam night to attend tho first, of & series of meetings on American ization under the auspices of the Hoard of Child Welfare. Sophie Irene ! Loeb. President of the board and a member of Tho Kvenlng World staff, presided. ho urged tho mothers to become citizens of America as soon as pos sible, an toward this end announced plans for obtaining citizen papers, to be put In operation after the open- ing of tho new Board of Child Welfare I Building at No. 143 Worth Street, the first of its kind In tho world. Mayor John F. Hylan was 'one of the chief speakers and paid a high tribute to Miss Loeb, whom ho desig nated as "the mother of child wel fare work of New York City," and spoke of her many years' persistent effort In behalf of the widows and their children. The Mayor told the mothers to have courage and hope that from the very poorest homes came tho men In the highest places in medicine, law and science. He said that in every home of tho widows present thero might be a po tential Mayor or Governor of the State and cited Ex-Gov. Alfred E. Smith and his own coso as examples. Ho told of lils own childhood and ma struggles that were his, and how as Judge he never failed to hear tho pleas of a mother and placed more ilrst offenders on parolo than any other Judge. He stated that the Board of Child Welfaro was being conducted along lines that were making a precedent for all other cities of tho country to follow and that many of the States wero now copying tho methods em ployed by this board; that he has watched the work carefully and that hj long as It was conducted along 'he present successful lines he wjuld stand behind It and aid it. lie said that when the present bud get camo up, when i other depart ments wero being cut, the plea of Miss Loeb could not be resisted, especially In view of the work accom plished In keeping mothers nnd chil dren In their own homes. Instead of bi eaklr.7 up the home and putting the children In Institutions, so that the budget for 1922 has been Increased. Dr. Hoyal S. Copeland stated that ho was "lad to be the Health Com missioner and to have lived to see the day when the. death rate 6f children of New York City was the lowest of any city in the world, belnc now but II out of 1.000 under the ape of seven. Dr. Copclnnd's department will con tribute a health station in the now 'hlld Welfare Building, an innovation In this community. This will consist of a dental clinic, a physician and two nurses In constant attendance, to aid tho widows and children under tho care of tho city. Tho Hev. William A. Courtney, a member of tho board, chiefly dwelt on tho fact that no one need make ex cuses for poverty that the poor home was the ono place In which real values were found. Among tho other speakers wero I'onrad F.ngel nnd John Uosenbrock, both members of tho board. Mis. Loib closed the meeting by making announcements of the future work. She told the widows that every ffort would be made in the Employ ment Bureau to scrure the best jobs for the chlldn-n of widow, who should have the best because they are to be come the future breadwinners of the family. Classes In English nie to be cstnb ished in the new building, she said, where, foreign-born mothers would he taught at night and at filch time when they were free to come. She warned mothers of the poNsIbi1 nnrd winter on account of tho Indus 'rial conditions, and urged economy nnd care to meet the emergency which will likely hit hardest these poor families of the widows. Other members of the Board of 'Mid Welfare are Mrs. William Eln tein, Mrs. Edgar Smith. Miss Mary Frnsca. Mrs. James Wliltford, Mrs. Mnthla.s Figucira and Dr. William I. Slrovlch FINDS BARRON FELL FROM CAR'S SIDE DOOR Police "milnln Sn llpcnlnu I'liiiiKeilcU itIIkIhk Man to De.iuh Police Captain ltegglns of Jersey City, who has been making an investigation into the death of lllwm Lee Harion of the J. Walter Thompson Advertising firm, in the Hudson .Manhattan Tube, said today that so far as lie could lean! Mr It irron met death through the opea Hid hi a side door on I he train. 'I'll, i nullum) to-da Mated it luiJ liei n unable In learn how Mr. ll.irrun tell cut of l!ie train. The Coroner has not yel lliilsheil his investigation. WHAT'S GOING ON HERE j Two armed men entered the United f'lear Stoto at s0. I31S Fifth Avcmii! a. 11 ovlnck last iiigiii. orccu ,-sormin Trainer, the . lerk, into a Incli room. Mole the night's rcicipt.s, $110, and, hit ting Trainer on Ihe head with their Vii-tols, ran to a tasltab and escaped. Supremo Court Justice. Kclby of Brooklyn issued yesterday a writ of mandamus requiring Cnmmlsslinicr Coler of tho Department of Public Wel bue to reinstate. Hoi. 'it II. Iltssctt as Deputy Ly Supcrlntt ndent nt SI.USO u year, with interest from May. 191. William Sweeney, twenty-two, of No. 2442 Eighth Avenue, Miffered a fractured left It",- when ho was struck by a taxi cab while crossing Trunont A venue, near Harrison Avenue, the llionx. Julius Cohen, thirty-four, of No 1510 Crdlona Avenue, and Klla Johnson, twenty-seven, of No. U"J West 46th titreet, were others hurt

Nephew Discover $125,000 in Modest Apartment Dr. Simms and Wife Occupied. A fortune In stocks and bonds and United States currency was discov ered hidden In several old trunks be longing to the late Dr. Joseph Slmms, lecturer and writer, and his wife, Mrs. Jemima Sinclair Slmms, and left In tho modest apartment occupied by the two during the latter years of their lives In the Empire Hotel, Lincoln Square and 83d Street. The search which revealed the un suspected wealth of the couple was made by Robert Hendry, a nephew, of the firm of Morrison Co., South American contractors with offices at No. 11 Broadway. " he fortune Is estimated at ap proximately 1123,000. Dr. Slmms died in April, 1920, and his wife recently. Tho aged couple had been known among other guests as ultra-conservative and seldom Joined In the social activities 'about the hotel. Both wero strict vege tarians and their general mode of llvlns gave tho Impression that, while they were comfortably fixed, they wero not wealthy. Mr. Hendry called at the apart ment late yesterday to tako away some old books and several trunks and when ho opened one of the trunks ' to pack the books was surprised to find bundles of greenbacks and stocks and bonds hidden beneath bunches of old rags. The wealth has been deposited by Mr. Hendry pending further develop ments. Dr. Slmms was eighty-seven and his wife seventy-five when they died. DRY SLEUTHS FIND WAGON "BLIND PIG" Agents Say Stranger Led Them From Saloon to Cart and Sold Them Hoodi. Prohibition Agents Barry and Burke ran into a new angle of tho bootlegging business to-day after they had been refused a drink of whiskey In an east side saloon. When they left the "place, they wero fol lowed by a man who had been stand ing at the bar. 'Want some hooch V" Inquired the stranger. The Prohibition agents confessed they did. The stranger guided them across the street to a one-horse cov ered wagon on the sides of which were painted signs Indicating that it was used in the delivery of spaghetti, noodles and crackers. Prom under a pile of boxes, according to Barry and Burke, the stranger dug up a bottle of alleged whiskey which he sold them for $7. They arrested him and also a man on the seat of tho wagon. The pris oners described themselves as Louis Levy of No. 68 East !6th Street, n cracker manufacturer, and David C.ortsky of No. 41 West 114th Street. United States Commissioner Hitch cock held them on a chargo of pos sessing and selling whiskey. The agents told tho Commissioner they found six quarts concealed in the wagon. WOODS TELLS WAY TO HELP JOBLESS Colonel Urges Cities to Rush "Spruce Up" Campaign anJ Public Works. A MIAN V Oct. 19. The question of handling public works in such a way as to stabilize industry and employ ment was levelled hero to-day as one of the probable permanent recommen dations of the National Lnfcor Con ference by Col. Arthur Woods, address ing a conference of city officials on unemployment conditions. Woods, who is Chairman of the National Committee's sub-committee' on Community, Civic and Emergency .Measures, urged that all cities in augurate the "spruce-up" campaign iccommended by tho national body as u temporary measure to relieve un cmploment and also asked that pub lic works, which could bo done at this time, be undertaken. The "f-pruec-up' campaign, calls for the making ol repairs to homes, shops aim oilier iiiuinings at once, instead of delaying the work several months. The unemployed head of a family would be the flint employed under the plan. t AUTO KNOCKS DOWN TWO SCHOOLGIRLS llrhrr Mnps t nr nnd lliirrtm Ic- II mi lit llnrlem Hospital. Two EChoolglrh, Anna Coffey, sixteen, of No. .12 .NJ.tnhattan Avenue, and Frances lleffernuu, fifteen, of No. 221 West lljth Street. were knocked down at Lenox Avenue and 128th Street this afternoon by an automobile driven by William Solomon of No. 27 West 14(lth Street. Solomon Immediately stopped his car and took the girls to Harlem Hospital, where It was found that Anna's left ankle had been sprained and that Fiances had received cuts on the arm una knee and a sprained wrist. Uoth returned to tneir homes ntter treatment. ooiomen wan not arreslea,

MRS. MAE JOYCE LEEDS FIGHTS SUIT TO ANNUL HER MARRIAGE AND TAKE AWAY HER CHILD

f !HBH Mr& Mae Leeds and hub. JtBSBBUm daughter Barbara..,. STAFF

F.OOD COSTS DROP OVER U. S.; RENTS UP IN NEW YORK Labor Department Shows Aver age of 18.1 Per Cent. Living Reduction in 32 Cities. WASHINGTON, Oct. 19. Liv ing costs throughout the country decreased 18.1 per cent, from June, 1920, to Sept. 1. 1921. and 1.7 per cent, during September, the Department of Labor an nounced yesterday on reports from thirty-two cities. Tho reductions fiom June to September ranged from 13.2 per cent, to 20.3 per cent, with Min neapolis showing tho lowest de cline and Detroit the highest. New York City had a decreaso of 1 per cent, for that period and 1 1 per cent, for September. The cost of housing In New York ranged from 38.1 to 44 high er, fuel nnd light from 87 to &2.4 and miscellaneous ltem3 from 110.3 to 117.8 from June to September. ACCUSED OF $3,000 FRAUD BY SOLDIER E. A. Noblett. Wiife and Child in Court, Goes to Trial on Veteran's Charge. Edward Arden Noblett, formerly ot No. 131 Hlverside Drive, was placed on trial to-day before Justice Strong in the Brooklyn Supremo C'mrt, charged with grand larceny m the llrst degree by Arthur A. Victor of No. G22 Sclienck Avenue, Brooklyn, an overseas veteran, who ' alleged that Noblett had defrauded him of $3,000 tin a Coney Island concessions deal. Victor testified that Noblett repre fented he had an option on a con cession In Ilinderson'M Walk, Coney Island, and that he and Noblett signed an agreement to acquire the

concession and shaie tho iimllts. J 1 " ' v w 1 v Victor said he discovered that No- TENANTS GOT LADDER blett did not have either a lease on j the concession or nil option, Oiin-r t I 'In I Himinc Mel, I Tur Vlo Noblett declnred that ho behevi.d IhIIiik I nl !

he could obtain the concession and 1 I had no Intention of defrauding the ex - Kfrvice man. Noblett is about tlltv- six years old. His wife, who is a good looking brunette, about twuity years his Junior, and His rour-year- old daughter were in court. Noblett played with the child before the couit convened. 1'rlnnnpra Who tttnrkril (itiilrtl l.et l.nnwr Terms. Three pilsoners who pleaded guilt) t burglar and who last night oierpowei".! tho keeper of the Nassau County Jail in an attempt to escape were to-day sen tenced to from ten and twenty years In King Sing on each of two counts by County JjiIku IcwI.i J. Smith In Mlneola, The men are Itenjjuiln Klegal, seven teen, No. 2306 Mermaid Avenue, Brook lyn; James Stapleton, twer'y'four. No. 18 13th Street, Manhattan, and Daniel Kresmi, twenty-two, No. id Hushwlek Avenue. Brooklyn. Funeral of Jncttlt llrenne.r. Funeral services for Jacob IlreiiMir. Commissioner of Jmors for Brooklyn, ami for nearly a half cenlury promi nent In the Killttcs of thut city and later the borough, were held Ihls afternoon in the Temple Klchlni. L'lghth Avenue and (iarfleld 1'lace. Itabbi Alexander Lons outdated The pallbearers were: I'nited States Senator .'alder. Simreme Court Justices Cripey anil Kelby. District Attorney Lewis. Miner Stelnbrmk. Nathan s Jon i.,. .1, eih I. linker, Bernard N.ipp. Julio Vcli. I . W. Stein, Ilugiue 11. Paul, ami Uavid Schwartz. Interment was in Mount Nebo cemetery.

I Opposes Action of Husband, PAln(nn nf Tin Plnfn Winer

Who Says She Was Already a Wife When He Eloped With Her From Harvard. Sirs. Mao Joyco Leeds will to-day begin her fight before Justice New burger to prove tho legitimacy of her marriage to William Stuart Leeds, broker, and son of William Bateman Leeds, who was a prominent New York lawyer and an uncle of William Bateman Leeds, tho Tin Plate King. Leeds Is' suing his wife for an an nulment of their marriage, which oc curred on March 14, 1911, at Nashua, N. H., on the ground that at tho time he married her she was already mar ried to Louis A. Treedley. Ho also seeks tho custody of four-year-old Barbara, who is now with the mother. The llrst step to prove that she had divorced Treedley was mado yester day by Mrs. Leeds, who had J. W. Connelly, a Boston attorney, ex ' amlned concerning the dlvorco action ; brought against Frcedley, who de : faujted, It Is alleged by Mrs. Leeds. Mrs. Leeds says she Is now rccelv . ing an nllowanco of $500 a month from Leeds's mother, Mrs. Annie 3. i Leeds, for the support of heiself and , (laughter. I Mrs. Leeds alleges that her husband i lived with her from the dato of their marriage down to Oct. 2G, 1919, when, without cause, ho had her committed to the State Hospital for the Insane at Morris 1'Inlns, N. .1., where sho re mained for two months. At the tlmo of tho commitment tho couple were living at Hutherford, N. J. Whllo sho was in tho Institution Mrs. Leeds al leges her husband moved to tho homo of his mother, at No. Ii5 West 58th Street, Manhattan. Her release, she m.ijs, was obtained through" the efforts of her.selt and her husband's mother. On March 28, 1920, Mrs. Leeds called at tho 5Sth Stieet house and obtained Barbara. Leeds's marriage to tho delendant was tho culmination of a college ro ,niancc. lie was a .sophonioro at Har vard when he ran away from tho la , stltiltioit to Nashua and nrirrled dm I young Boston uomnu. After his mar- rlago ho entered the brokerage busi ness In tin city. He is sold to bo an i expert bridge whist and pool plajcr and is a meiiiDer oi iiun.mi union. CT,,mi,AV ri it ncc .Mrs. Ahum Cohen, owner oi tho Un i 1 house No. C.7.1 Joirand Am nm 1", who on July 2 lust h.ol i 1(1 unit ny lending from Ihe llrsl In He lluoiri lemoved, forcing le i t climb a the laddei to inn li tl " arraigned to-day Pi lilH Police t'ouit and held lot vl" slims on the charge of ii" penal code. -Mrs r.llyiilx'lh Messerl' i I- was complainant. She all' 'I ite' stairway was lemoveil n ih' 1 re. of Mrs Cohen without kiiottcilh the tenants. She usmtIi-I Ht (Mini Saturday noon until .Mmid.n oiom.i.g she and other tenants li.nl " 'un op a Hie ladder because the m. woo " moved the stairs did not v K after noon S.ituiilays. The Hi. .iidi-i mis procured from Fire lliii'i'twn Chief Farrell who had been -.innnuincd by Patrolman l'oru ot tile Aiiun i station. Mrn. Cohen testified that - i. had been ordeiej ,y the I )i 1 1 111 1 1 L- Hi loiuiii m install a lliepioof stairw u .mm or dereil the work to he ilom Tin Im id Ing Department came to ih rm a or the tenants on Monday l putting m a stairway. It whs said The lourt held that Jlr '"olien had no light to have It remow ! on a Sal unlay, knowing that wortuie o i ut ai noon. I liunce to llll) l,ltilor I lieiip The exhibition of uuclaiiii' l c mil be sold on Oct. 25-5B at pun nM . the CllltefJ States Appnt - i , . I'lilhi', Washington ntel ' 'vi i ' Sltett... op. in (I to-ia ' . . It .alaliei., mUiioM all ito:e- u. rs Wines and lupiou will be -add to iho ,o holding Government pennlta.

ONLY 1 2 PUNISHED

FOR 2,854 MOTOR DEATHS IN 5 YEARS Clark Blames Big Number of Killings on Swann's Fail ure to Prosecute. in tho five years from lOlr, to 1920, Inclusive, John Klrkland Clark, Coali tion candidate for District Attorney, asserted to-day, there had been Just one dozen persons Indicted or sent to Jail by tho District Attorney for tho killing of persons whllo driving auto mobiles. In those five years that the District Attorney's otneo has been In the control of Tammany, 2.842 of 2,8"i4 persons responsible for mortal acci dents have gone free. Somo of thoso have more than one killing to their credit. "Tho blame for the constant growth In mortality statistics from this cause," says Mr. Clark, "cannot be lnld against the Traffic Police. They have been helpless, becauso tho killers when brought to court have been able to escape the consequences of their crime. "The one single factor which would have been effective In reducing the death rate has been lacking vlgor our prosecution by the District At torney. A suggestion of aggressive trials for homicide would have been the greatest deterrent to stoplng thpe speed maniacs, reckless drivers nnd violators of traffic regulations." Mr. Clark, in analyzing tho figures for 1920, points out that In that year alone there were 707 persons killed and three times that number Injured. The total of New York City In that year was within four for tho total for Ihe rest of the State. "Of these 707 killed, 314 were chil dren under tho age of fourteen years. All but a few of tho accidents oc curred between 7 A. M. and 7 P. M. Think of the gruesome possibilities for tho immediate futuro when the majority of children of the city are on tho streets for three or four hours tnoro duo to the part time In schools for which Mayor Hylan is lespon slble. "Tho whole question comes down to the District Attorney. If ho ,hnd done his duty tho police, tho courts nnd tho juries could bo depended upon to do heirs. Tammany's Dis trict Attorney, however, hns failed, and wo have no proof that his chief of staff, my opponent, who has been In actual charge of tho oltlce since Jan. 1, has redeemed the earlier failuif. "As the father of four children, this matter conien homo closely to me. 1 reallzo tho power of the otllco to stop this wholesale killing and I will do everything possible with this power when 1 tako office." CROKER AND SON EACH YIELD POINT No Reconciliation, However, and Other Litigation Will Go On. The legal controvoisy between Richard Croker, former Tammany leader, and his son, Ulchard J., over the ownership of cirtntn securities was settled In the .Supreme Court be fore Justice McAvoy to-day. Neither Mr. Ctoker nor his son was in court To-da's development, according to Harold Nathan, counsel to tho elder CioUcr, does not menu that I hero has been a icconclllatlon between father and son. Litigation not affected by the proceedings befoie Justice Mc Avoy will be continued, lie said. 1'iederlck Ityan, counsel to Itleliard Croker jr., announced that his client bad decided to render an accounting of certain transatnms thai trans pired whllJ tho young man was look ing after business for his father dur ing the hitter's absence abroad. Mr. Nathan, for the elder Croker an nounced that his client had decided y j leld to Ins son ownership of some se urltiCo of i no Wen' mgfiousp Klec t . Conrpunj wlieh oad bei n ,n di pu' .

Wi 1 K3i 1 k New York's own drinU I

BURGLARY INCREASE PLACED AT DOOR OF DISTRICT ATTORNEY

John Kirklaiul Clarke Has Sweep ing Plans to Bring UHiciency to OlHce. Law enforcement or the lack of Il ls jreflccted In Insitrnnco rates. John ivirkland Clarke, Coalition candidate for District Attorney said to-day nt his headquarters, No, 1572 Hroadway. "byvo years ago you could Insure tho contents of your homo ngnlust burglary for $11150 a thousand. To day It will cost you $27.60 for tho samo amount of protection and the burglary Insurance companies are doing busi ness nt a loss. "Last month when tho ofllclals of tho companies that write burglary In surance got together, it was disclosed that robberies of homes had Increased 40 per cent. In six months." Mr. Clarke outlines tho planks of his campaign thus: Vigorous prosecution but no per secution. Indictments only as a ptellmlnary to convictions. Immediate trial of prison cases and prompt clearing up of tho ball cal ender. Co-operation In the assignment of counsel to needy defendants. Kstabllshmont of complaint bureaus to hear evidence at night. Establish ment of a night court for tho trial of summons cases. . Operation of the criminal courts during tho siimmcf months 'until the, clogged calenders arq cleared. i 7 TAKEN IN PARKS HELD UNDESIRABLE Court Aids and Prees Seventeen; but Others Are Aliens and May Ue Deported. Twenty-five men collected In Madi son Square and Union Square befoie daylight to-day by detectives or the Chief Inspector's office were nrralgned for vagrancy lcfuro Maglstiato Hyt tenberg In Yorkvlllo Court. Seventeen wero allowed to go on suspended sentences after court odl clals and spectators had given them enough money for lodgings nnd square meals while they hunt for work. Seven were held for Investigation. Tho Magistrate asked probation of ficers to furnish aid to William Ben nett, a cripple, recently discharged from Bellcvuo, and William Korham, a deaf mute youth from Forked City, Mont., and to get them employment when they are able to work. One aged man was sent to Hlackwell's Island for the winter. Tho seven held are aliens nnd their deportation will be ."night, as they showed no disposition c ability to work for a living. Pure,

T FINDS DETECTIVE'S Minutes of s.5,500 Payroll Robbtiry Trial Referred to District Attorney. Declaring that Detective IMwnrd Fitzgerald of the Fourth Avenue Sta tion had given raise testimony In Iho trial of James O'Donnell ot No. 240 Hast 128th Street, Manhattan, on a charge of taking part In a J5,u00 hold up on April 29, Justice Selah B. Strong In the Kings County Supreme Court to-dav directed the Jury to ac quit O'Donnell and ordeied that the minutes of tho trial bo sent to the District Attorney for Investigation. Justlco Shrong also grunted a motion to dismiss an Indictment against James Cappronl, Jointly accused with O'Donnell, The crime charged against O'Don null nnd Cappronl was overpowering, binding and gagging Louis Bllt.cr nnd Samuel Wucltsman In the plant of Blum & Keller In tho Bush Tpr nilnnl Bu ldlng and stealing 3,500 whtch the two men had drawn from a bank for payments to workmen The defense advanced by Joseph C. 11. Flynn, counsel, wn that Blltzo. and Wnchsmnn were not robbed and entered Into a conspiracy with Fits gerald to fasten tho alleged robbery upon O'Donnell nnd Cappronl. Fitzgerald's testimony was ills proved.. Bllt.er was discredited, as a witness In the course of tl.u trUl. 'Iho defense showed that he could not li.ivo been bound, us hu claimed, with n ropo ho produced us that WHICH tub bandits had used. District Attorney Lowls will Immediately tako mi nil Investigation of tho charges ignmst tho pollco and the prosecuting wit nesses. Justice Strong tailed DeteotKo Fitzgerald and Assistant District At tn ney Voss Into in., chambers when O'Donnell anil Capiiroul had been dis charged. The false testimony charged against the detective was bis afoicrtion under i.ilh that ho had In vestigated Blltzer'-i record of em ployment, and his employers had given him a good record for honest j. The defense produced a former em poyer of Bllt.er who swore ho ills charged tho man lor thievery anil tint Detective Fltzgeri'd had seen docu mentary evidence i-j prove It. Allruril llootlPUKrr'K llnll l'orfrlle.il. The ?r,000 tin 11 of Nicholas Blllloheck, wTio wnJkcd out of tho United States District Attorney's olllco In Brooklyn two weeks ago, was forfeited to-duy when llllllcheek failed to appenr before Cnlted Htiites Commissioner McOabo for arraignment. Agents of the Depart ment of Justlco are looking for mill check. He was charged with Implica tion In a HIM, ()0 hontlcKglng pint

Try Lif eLuoy ONE WEEK See the improvement it will make in your skin in that short time.

unbleached, palm oil juncDuoy us rcu color.

nnr m 'T-iTfiiiTTr Made

Ghost With Nose for Baked Potat Loses Mantle

Scares Away Boys at Bonfire.. 5 1

Feast and Cop May Now

Tell Its Mother on It. )2 l ; A long-legged ghost dressed like- an angel or n Ku Kluxer and gifted with a nnso for baked jwtatocs has been haunting Nurgcs Field, West Bcre-.J inline Avenue, North Bergen, N. J., for two nights. But tho poor si- b ; lost his flowing mantlo last night, and unless he halls from a bed with two sheets, he probably will haunt.(

no more. Kverybody knows that a bakedB potato Is a baked potato, but that a ... super-baked potato, tho only sort ot a baked initato that hns any poetry ln-ii; It, is tho kind Unit you bake Just bo fore bedtime on a chilly October eve-, nlng In the moonlight In an open field.' Vou burglarize the cellar while mother Is putting the baby to bed:' ' you put a salt-shaker In your hip pocket and raw potatoes In all your m other pockets, and then steal away,, to the lonely spot whiro all tho boys' are to meet. There you coat tho po tatoes two Inches thick with mud and' bake them in a bonllrc. ooi. Ono boy wasn't Invited Monday night, nnd so. Just as tho moment ar rived for breaking open tho roastil',l delights, the ghost appeared, scared ho the gang away and got the treasure. Lust night ho apbcuied again, but , thero was a cop present Patrolman ' William Doris, who ran after the!-, sheeted figure. All he got was th sheet. Doris thinks maybe he'll Identify the ghost by the lnundry mark. If - he does he'll tell Its mother.

0 The all-Ceylon Tea 0 0 ONLY Ceylon produce tea good enough for White Roie. White Rote it the 100 Ceylon tea. gives in V. S. JL

4 Jin I. I a


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-11-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/0023728155A/1921111501/1028.xml ===

"NO MORE OFFENSIVE NAVAL WAV-Secretary Hughe WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (Associated Press). After all the speeches by repre sentatives of Great Britain, Japan, France and Italy, Secretary Hughes thanked them for the cordial expressions and declared the time had come to proceed with the consideration of details of the proposed agreement. The question could now be studied, Mr. Hughes said, "with the assurance that there will come out of this conference an appropriate agreement to the end that there shfcll be no more offensive naval war." SECY HUGHES

To-Niaht's Weather FAIR AND COOLER. '10to3" DAILY WALL STREET FL ATI J PE HUS editioH VOL. LXII. NO. 21,897 DAILY.

LEADS TO CLASHES Actor's Counsel Accuses Pnix' cutor of Trying to Brow heat Several Witnesses. WOMAN CHOSEN JlJROR. Miss Campbell, Locate,! in Chi- cago, Absolves "Fatly" of Blame in Actress's Death. BAN KISANC1SCO, Nov. 1 o. Twotve Ttnlic member. examined and fi'p Juror? accepted tentatively, one of 1 them a nonun, was tlie situation at, the opening of the second day of tho ' trial o: Koscee C. (Fattj) Arbuckle liere to-diy on .1 manlauhter charge, crawtna fput uf the death ot Mis.) Vir ginia lUppc, Mm actress, fol.owln', a party .n ArbueMe's room at the Hotel St- Francis hcie last Septem ber. The jury probably will not be completed before Thursday. Extra police were called out io h'jlcl baeK the crowds surgins lhrousli and around the Hal! of .Jus Ice whcie tne trial i bclns con ducted. Pcatm mi the first d.i's session was an .ntimation in court by Gav.n McNab, chief ot counsel for the de fense, that District Attorney Mat thew Brady hod threatened to send tj jail some witnesses '.f they re fined to make certain statements. McNab added that ho would produce srven witnesses to prove his asser tion. "If ynn do," iriorted Bradj, "I will jesifrn" The primary question in the exam ination each juror is "Are. jou an Arbuckle movie fan?" If the tales man answers In the affirmative, he Is ashed. "Do you think that as a movie nctor he should receive moie consid eration than an ordinary gentleman V" CHICAGO, Nov. U-Miss Betty Campbell, Ion:? sought as an Impor tant witness in the "l'atty" Arbuckle cac, was found to-day in her home hri e. Miss Campbell, twenty, said she was a member of the pirty at which Vlrslnia Itappo met her death. She denied she had attempted to hide from the Pan Francisco authorities. "I do not bcllevo that Virginia nappe ia Killed by l'atty or that he had hnj thing to do with lier death," the srii! said. "Here's why: "1 joined the paity at 4 o'clock that afternoon. Virginia, aecoidins to the prosecution now, was sup posed to have been fatally Injured by 'Fatt' two or three hours earlier, jshe waF, at that t:mc, l.nnar In an adjoining room, t lemained at tho party until alter 3 o'clock that eve-nin-,'. Wo drank, danced and played the phonograph n'l that lime, and the party Included the same people who had been there, with Virginia. "It doesn't seem pos-'.bic. If Ar- Viuekle. had committed the terrible clime with which lie is now charged. hat the partv wou'd have continued .v,. r.n,i that the same people who nie dow testifying against him should

have remained :n it. "During the entire lime I was pres. tnt I heard not a s ng!e word from anybody to Indicate that there had been any trouh'c of any kind, except two statements from Arbuckle him lf. "Once he explained that he had sent Virginia, out of the party 'because she had become too wild and noisy. And later, at dinner, ho said to Sero nacher: 'I think you should take ber out of here, I don't want to be re vonslble for her.' "Mrs. Dolmont came back Into the suite after Sherman left," Miss Camp bell ald. "and had several drinks. I heard bar ay nothing about VI r Clnta," f i

Cup) rl(lil. 11)21, h) Co. (Ihr New

FLY STANDS MORE CHANCE THAN MAN OF LIVING TO 100 Too Vi.ich I'iinpeiing b Weaken- ( in? lunvuii Hid, utcurc Prol. Pearl. CHICAGO. Nov 13 A fl iiis moie chance than a nun to live to ue 10U years old, aic-oidim to statements made lietmo tlie National Academy of ijences b Plot, tu.xinond Pearl of John., llupkins Utm .-sity and made public to-ila. Too much pamper, and ho pitalizat.on nie weakening the human race, Piof. Uamond 1'e.ul of Johns HospMns Utiiveislty de flated. His expel inienls showed, he said, that tlieic nie more cen tenarians anions t lie flies than anion? humans The fly. he .-aid, nay a pooier chance of life than the human up to the relative age of seventy Aflei- that he has a bettei chance. ASK FOR OLD JOBS Will Accept Wae SCale UndtT , T , .. Upeil OIlOp 1, 1 . DCIlVCi 85 Per Cent, ot" Normal. The lonsesi stride toward the end of the milk strike camo this morning when tho members of the Newark, X. J., Iocal No. t9t seceded from the strikers, declared the union dead and applied for their old jobs at tho old wages and under open shop condi tions. Many of them were accepted by the cmploeisin Newark and sunoundms New .lersej towns. Others, for whom thero were no places in New Jersey, wero given jobs ln New York C.ty and Westchester Count. The action of the Newark local waa taken after a stormy meeting- last nisnt. I'icsldent Albert (iraessle of ho local blamed George Utlgss, the ii'ct- York &tilko loader, saying the strike necr should have been called In tho precipitate manner It was, without the required one week's no tice to tho employers. H was said that the disillusionment came when the international oiganlzatlon of teamsters refused strike benefits on tlie ground that the strike was un- authorized. Manj members threw iheir union buttons on the floor. This rooming crepe was hung on the door ot tho headquarters and an effigy was "laid out" like a corpse. At first theru was a placard with the name of Hrlges n the "corpse." Jter the card was changed to read "Iocul No. 691." In view of the ending of tho strike in tho Newark district the hearing scheduled on the temporary Injunc tion against tho strikers was ad- lourned for a week, und some believe It never will be hem. Glen nice of the Borden Company said al! tao sliikers, exeep; those who are legaided as osUators. n lit be taken back This is taken to mean that some of the newly lured em ployees wno he'ped to break the strike will be dlschaiged. Herbert Howe. No. 102 Pacific Street, Brooklyn, driver for frank Devizo, a Brooklyn dealer, and Mi- (Continued on Tenth Page.) iHm Crrll l.rltch alW for Tlncland. QUEBEC, Nov. 13. Miss Cecil Leltch. British, French and Canadian woman golf champion. allel to-day for Liver pool on the Empresa of I-'rance. 8he was accompanied by iier sister Edith.

"Circulation Hooks Open to All."

Ihr I'iit. I'lililitlilnt V.tL World). NEW E BY INDEPENDENTS Group That h"mplos 2o.()'K Seeks to rrange Meelini1, V Willi Unions. I-BV PICKETS O.N DUTY. Workers Say Small Shops Are, Giving In and 1.000 Will , Resume Jobs I o-Morrow. .

I The first move toward peace in ln tne cou,.se 0r Mr, speeib i 'he ! the garment maker.- strike, waich is opening of iho hearing lnlo in" trin- intended also to be an attempt to pulisjt mndilioim of the. city. Chauman' , a definite end to such; labor; dls-( George McAneny to-duy said turbances, was made this afternoon -w,. l10pe not only t" ipstoe n In the Amnlcan Cloak and! Suit o-cenl fare, but to keep the faie I ManufactiueiV Association, which j lndenni..'l t 5 cents. I ask ach i supplies 50 per cent, ofjhe trade in company to accept our plan wheu it ' th s city. is perfected, mid nsk for the co oper- I . A meelinsr of the association mi itilon of the companies and the citj held beiuud closed doors at the ilet- authorities (o make :t erTcctive." ,

ropolitan Lifo Annex, 24th Street an J ,. , ,., .,, i Madison Avenue to arrange a con ' i icrencc io ue aneuuea oy .epreaen...-; r llie Cloak. Su't and Skirt . Manufactuiers' Association, the Mer-1 chants' Ladies' Garment Makers' A soLiatlon and the workers' union. Tne American Association Is com posed of POO so-called "Independents." who organized after the yaiment i,triko of 1919. It has M.C'OO employed on Its rolls. I'niidjnt Samuel Sternbeig of ths ( associaUon said to-day that it w.u" the estimate of his organization that noi j less than 43,000 garment workers a:e on .strike. to-da.. This number ex ceeds '.hxt estimated by the employ-! ers' association hy several thousands The Settlement Committee of the union, whlrh is meeting to-day at the Hotel Continental, announced thH aftfinoon through Secretary Nlnfo that foity small garment malt ing shops had already signed with its workers on the old basis and that 1,000 employees now on strike would go back to their machines and benches to-morrow, 11 was said also that by ihe end ot tho week 50 per cent, of the "independents" will hare signed the old agreement. Although detailed plans had been made to picket all of the 3,000 shops affected by the walkout ot tho gar ment makers, tho number of places actually plckotcd to-day was com paratively small. Tho stiika officials iald that th's was due io the fact1 that tho tndustrj had been so tied up that universal picketing was not necessary. But, they added, Just as soon as tho employers gave the leas'. s,'sa of collecting workers tlie picket ing would be established In force everywhere. , Wherever pickets were on duty to day they were under orders to con duct themselves In the most peaceful manner, to do nothing but war. (Continued on Tenth Page.) FAMOUS SURGEON SHOT AT M'GILL Sir Andrew McPhail Rus.ied to Hospital and Assailant Com- j mits Suicidce. MONTUtBAL, Nov. 16. Sir Andrew, Mol"hall, eminent surgeon and pro. I feasor at MofJil! Unlvcrsltv. was shot'

and severely wounded to-day at his home by Louis O. Gulnfk, who later committed suicide by shooting. Sir Andrew was rushed to a hos- P'.tal. (Racinn reiulU, scrateliei, entri and eleetiona on Patje 2).

YORK, TUESDAY, ACCEPT TO RESTORE FARE OF FIVE CENTS AIM Chairman Mc neny Vnnoutuv Programme at Start of ruc tion Inquiry. HYl.AN ORDERS HIGH I Declares Companies Seek i . Unload Worn-Out Suit : Lines on Cil. '"'ho hearing was held In the rooms of the commission. No. Utfayettc' ,. , , , ', , i ytret, with Oommlsslouers l-e flo T Harkne33 alld Gcn. John O'llyau sitting with tho Chairman. Ckucn- e ,. shcavn appeared as bpecia! counsel for the commission. Sixtj -seven oom- panics wore ropiesentod. Among the ' representatives of the bis sjati'ius) wore James L. Quackenbusli, t'mnk Hedley, Job Hsdses and Col. Oyck- man. Objection to tho proceedings ijj entered by the city by Kdgar .1, Koh.er of the Corporation Counsel's cdite. who asked that tho whole thing b defetred -until a(tr a "bill could be introduced Into the Legislature abol ishing the commission and lepealing ihe present law. When he Inul been overruled .Mr. Pham said the committee would io ceed with tho serious business before it, to which Mr, Kohler took excep tions, i Mi. Mi:Anen, ln his opening talk, sketched tho conditions as they have giovvn worse In the last thieo yea is and suld that through the abolishing of tiansfers tho citizens wore now paying a fi-renl faie on the sintace lines. On tho subway lines, ho said, thtough tho cai lying of thu subway deficit, through taxation, tho iharge ot an additional cent had been passed to the citizens. He referred to these as hidden 6- (Continued on Seccnd Pagi.) CRAZY? NOT HE; ! CAN MAKE HOOCHi And It's 90 Proof. He Tcli; Jad Who Orders Hurt Freed i s Sane. ! Antonio ParrWo, who on h s w I complaint was commit tM to the Con -1

OF TRANS T BOARD

upjtral Jsllp Hospital for the lns.ino mil i ' July 1, af'er he had drunk somo horap- j made lioooh and attaoked be- an- wercd readily a'l queitlons pu' 'o h'ni ,

by Jintlce Kelby In the Urook'vn S i I prerae Court to-day on the hen- :ig 'it ' s writ o' habeas secured l,: -y. I nephew, Sylvto Do Thoma.. w.iol sousht hs une'e's release ro !p foald take him 'o h home In Providence. ' Anton'o's wife. Elizabeth had tf-s. I tlf ed Parrl'.lo made Ins own nhiskrv. "How did you make It?" lnnVred ' Justice Kelby. Oh, a few prunei, a Utile s.igai, a it water," replied P.irn.lo, "Let

n bcl a Mille, stand a while and then 'v.s.i to cxpru.s in the name of the jnk tt. It's 90 proof. 'Italian delegation our approval." -now did jou know it nas sol "a:J ''e dt!,al, "f lIe pU"'! prootr XTtt V.m! I "I tested It w.th a United States i nan:-o that the principles would hrin Custom Hoube hyjromctcr." 1 n successful reirult not only for the na. justice Kelby decided Parrlllo mn't i t'.ons in ire eonfe"-nce but for all I crazy and released him. thos nf the world. I

UNITED STATES ARMS PLAN

Leaders of Britain and Japan At the Armament Conference

RIGHT HONORABLE ARTHUR JAMES BALFOUR. JAPAN Kato Nts His Country Will Make Ready For Sweep ing' Reductions. WASHINGTON. Nov li. Admiral l.aron Kato, following M, . ItjlfiVil'. addressod the eonfuronie as follows: "Mr. Chairman Japan deeply ap preciates the sincerity of purpose evi dent in the plan of the American Go erniuen for tho I mitation of arinaiiK-nts. Nhn is satistled that the proposed plan will mateilally lolleve th" nations of wasteful expenditures nd cannot fail to make for the peace of tlii world. "Sue cannot lemaiti unmod by the b'su a.ms which have artuafed (Continued onSecond Page ) ITALY F Sena'or .haiuer Declares L'. 5. Weans to Carry On'. Her Snggeitions. W A SRI NGTOV, Nov. 15 S'nator Kcnanzer, speaking for Italy, said: "Vow prove nt onte that yj men a to Carry out vour suggestions. Wo

"Circulation Itool-s Open 1921.

LAUDS U. S. SCHEME; BRIAND ASKS ARMY

ADMIRAL BARON IOMAMBUHU KATO. FRANCE IE MUSIBESETTLED j Briand Accepts tor Prance. Praising America and England. WASHINGTON. Nov. Io. There was vigorous a pplaue foi the French Premier when lie a lose fie spoke slowly and clearly in his nuttre tonsue Ho voiced compl'te approval of Mr. Halfour's address j Hired the necessity of nut proceeding with the conference without plans well la d and net lied H asserted thai th question of land nrrnamonw "must tome hfor the conference, will come before H. When that tlni' coiups France will luiswet your appeal " "Mr. Hughes." hfi said, "has jecided that we must not tool, fo.- wajs of prticeedlnRi, beeuuse he h,i srlren na one. We are with him We French will Jom whole-heartedly in a'! efforts to rea'h the object desired" f Hrnnd praised In seneta! I'.rnn Jie manner In which GrM 7$rlt.i!n had xproswd her Intentions to -mp-poi! tho AmerlCflTi piogramni. Toiithlnic on Fiance's special posi tion, the Prem added: -What re w irally debatinc'.' We re to hnd oir. 'f the peop'o of the world ere rraily dMlrous o putt,n nr end. once for a.1; to the atrocities ,.' war." T Hriand eald he would weflconie nfiportun'tr tu oxplftln franco's pvsltlon at sn fipen ,es.lon. ho thit 't would reitcli the ears of America aitiovo l! other reoplo He ssJd he felt sure the ijlfllcultles nr.il neoes irities of Prance would bo rci!i7-d. "I mav sav thnt we are back nf o Mr. Secre'ary," he tuld 'n conclunon. ' addrosams Wr Huirhee.

Ktilrrrd Se ml-I Im Matter 'et Officr. New Turk. .V. T.

Baron Kato Declares Japan Will Show She Never Pianned for Of

fensive Armament Hughes Hopes Offensive Warfare is Past CUM'lNFiN l l. HAI L. Washington, Nov. 15 (UniUd Press). America' plan lot a Jrasti: cut in luval arnumenl was heartily and offL'ktll accepted to-day, "in spirit and principle," by Great Britain I through one of us greatest statesmen, Arthur J. Balfour.

"No mailer what modified lions arc made in the American plan, tht main structure of it will remain forever," he said. "This scheme makes idealism practical. It takes hold of the dreams that poets have put be fore the world lor centimes." . Baron Admiral Kato's statement ot acceptance in the tame sense lor Japan followed. Me said Japan is ready for a sweeping reduction, but v.ill propose replacement modifications. Senator Schaner, speaking for Italy, told the conference the Amer ican plan had me general appioval of his Government. Speaking for Prance, Premier Briand gave the general adherence of'

. , ,..mnnt (, ih, nlIPrinc nf BRITAIN EN G L AN DAPPR 0 VES 'Whole Speech Breathes Full Accord With America's Proposal. W Atjll INGTON . Not. li (Aseo ctated Press). 'J'hn official text of Arthur Balfour's artdres at to-dny's s'sslon of the Armament Conforenco follorw: "Mr. Chairman Von imve invilctl thos -who dealre it to continue the difiislfn wlilch beran on Saturday Inst I think it would he T'T un foifimafe If we were to allow the evnts of friaturflay to paat without some further observation on the part of thot to whom ycu. Mr. Cialnnan, addvesseil roiir speech and, 'f for any reason wh'ch I snail ve.ntnte to explalu n a moment. I am the first to taHe up the challenge, It Is be cajse of all te Powers here assem 'ri, the oountry wnlo'n 1 represent is, as everybody knows, the most In timately Interested ln all naval ques tions. "fitaVon-.on of a:l countries ti't. he. Sinn'.ns 'o di'cnver tha the labo aJid dlfflc Jl'.ls i.' pesce are almost ilk n.-JlloiLs ind require almost reat qualities ' those wh'ch ae a.e demanded for the eonduo of a u:- cessful war "Tho strtlffx'f o reef ore Iht trot-Id o the condition of u.'.ibnura, so vlo'.eirt'y Interfen-sd with by five yea-s of war, Is one 'hat taxe and must tar the efforts of everybody, and I congratulate you. If I may, Mr Ohnlrman, on the fact that you have ruled a new anntvoraary which will henceforth he celebrated In connection with this movement toward recon struction in the utiw spirit la which we welcomed the antversAi-y cele- fCqntmufd on Second Pape.

To-Morrow' WeaWier FAIR. WALL STRCETgffM FlNALm & EDITION VMM

PRICE THREE CENTS PLANS li AmmVjn nUn lie ussertocl that the question of; laiid armaments "must come before' the conference will como before it. When that time comes," he auld, France -will answer your appcnL" WASHTNGTON, Nov. 15.- (Aseo. clatert Press). Just after the juvel fell at tho opening of the second days' pUoiarj' session, Mr. IJalfour conferred earnestly with Lord Bcatty. There' whs no prayer. Announdnr the programme decisions of the "Wjr Five," Secretary Hufhes said: "It Is the Intention of this' committee, consisting uf all plenipo tentiary delegates, to consider all matteTs and toport to tho plenary session." lie then announced plans as outlined with respect to the Far Koslern question. "May I ask if thesa recommenda tions meet tlie sentiment of the con- J ference"" the Chaliman aked. Headj wcie nodded in appioval and the prorramtne was declared by Mr.,' Hurhes adopted. Mr. Htirhs took h srat while his statement wiji repeated In French, ' Mr. Balfour then aiose to make hlb address. Immediately aflr Mr, Balfour's conclusion the officii Interpreter took up lis mpetitlon 'n French. Premier HtLind ond the French" delegation I'slened Intently. So did Mr, ISaltour, who at tiraea during the leading whispered with Lord Lee, seated on hV left. There were fre quent nods approval by M. Briand and M. Vlvlani The Premier took some note.. When the interpretation ' of Mr. Balfour'e speech was con c'uded Ba-on Kato, head of the Jap anese, ross to make his statement, Baron Kato spoke In Japanese and kept all around the bU table ruessinf what he was sayini:. Dunny the de'irery of his openlnc sentences, however, it became known' that he was bospeaklng Japan's ac ceptance of the American proposal "In principle" as had Mr. Balfour before him. After al the speeohts by representa tives of Great Britain, .lapan, Franc and Italy, Secretary Hushes thanked them for their cordial expressions and declared the time had ooma to prorel with consideration of detail of the proposed arreemont. The question could now be studied, Mr. Hughea aald, "with the auur ane; that there will come out f this conference an appropriate anreemtnt to the end that there vaall be no mere offensive naval war." Mr. Hunhea said '-f i "'as not the dralre to continue dlicumon tt would.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1921-12-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_nelson_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281561/1921121601/0661.xml ===

rxr- PARLIAMENT RATIFIES IRISH TREATY TO-NIGHT'S WEATHER Cloudy; Warmer. 'lO to 3 DAILY WALL STREET FEATURE Big edith TO MORROW'S WEATHER Rain or Snow. WALL STREET t JSL EDITION 71 " Circulation Books Open to AIL" I, "Circulation Hooka Oven to All VOL. LXII. NO. 21,923 DAILY. Copyrlrht IKnr Yrk Wnrld) by Vrm fabUthlng Company, 1021. NEW YORK, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1921. Rnlerrd iw Rerond-ClaM Matter Po.t Office, Nw York, N. T. PRICE THREE CENTS

1 " ' -

a IMMIM 1 S M 1 UMP Ml W II II I I I'll II HI I W7 .'r' rm,T.

Bail Ends Secret Session and Votes

IN DUEL IN BROOKLYN HOME1

Metelsky, Known as the "Ma sonic Burglar," Once Par doned by Gov. Smith. TRAPPED IN THE HOUSE. Failure of the Robber's Ri volver to Explode Saves the Policeman. Nut. an Halperln, a wealthy mer chant, oi' No. 1519 President Street, exclusive Crown Heights section et Brooklyn, returned with his wifi5" tho opera at 1 A, M. to-day and shortly after they retired heard a nolso In tho kitchen. He went to a xelepncne extension and notified Drooklyn Headquarters and the Atlantic Avenue Station sot the pollco booth at Kingston Avenue and'Carroll Street Detectives W'lllara Secklnger and John McLoughlin started for tho Halperln home, pick ing up Sergt. William Sherman op tho way. When they reached the bouse after a run of a block and a half Sherman was stationed In front and Sccklng.r and McLoughlin went to the stoop in the back with drawn revolvers Jubt as tho burglar emerged. "Hands upl" ordered Secklnger. The burglar raised a revolver and fired twice, ono bullet coins through Socklnger's sleeve. Ho pulled the trigger twlco more but without result, and then drew a second revolV . from inside his coat Secklnger Vf ' a fi;d twice, ono bullet striking tbl bdrgUr over the right eye and tho otter In the right shoulder, and ho fell. Ho was carried Into the hou - ny the three detectives, who found be- aides the two revolvers a pair of gloves ued to avoid finger prints in 1 mmies njvi n. iiasnncnu iiosaia he was "William Martin, no home, professional burglar." It was not until lio'bad been taken to St John's Hospital that his iden tity was revealed as William Mctel ' aky, forty, tho famous "Masonic bur glar," said by the police to bo wanted for at least fifteen "Jobs" In tho SU.-lIng Heights, Crown Heights and Bedford sections of Brooklyn. Still conscious, be was on tho opera tins table when Secklnger recognized hint as a dangerous two-gun man thxt Capt McCloskey, In o.iorgo of detec tives, bod advised his men to "shoot first" if they ever encountered bun. Tho dying man had asked the do tectlvo who shot him if he wus mar ried and how many children ho bod. and Secklnger icpllcd he had a wie and three children. "Then I'm glad I didn't 'get' you." replied the burglar. "It's a good ihlng you rot mo. first I would have taken' each 0114 every ono of you. But you got tho drop on me. Ton win. "you're all pretty lucky. 1 know what this means to mo If I get well, the rest of my life In prison. I'm will ing to go bock tho State the twenty-sovon and a half years I still owe It." The police say he had reference to the rest of a forty-year term he re ceived fifteen years or more ago. Ho was pa.-' vl by Gov. Smith after serving 'clvo and a half years. The most recent burglary for which he was sought was In tho homo of John J. Brady at No. 875 St. Mark's Aveulio, two doors from Commis sions? Bnright'a home, last August (Continued on Second Page.) ADVERTISEMENTS for tho Sunday World Classified Section Should be in Tin World Offlct Ti-Diy

TOTAL ABOLITION France Insists on lio.om Capital Ship Tontuse, Heavier Than Japan. WASHINGTON, Dec. 16 (Asr related PressK Arthur T. Balfour, head of the British delegation, gavo notice to-day that Great Britain would pro poso to tho Arms Confercnco the total abolition of submarines. Tho announcement a' so said Mr. Balfour would take tho submarine question before an open session ot the conference, thus, supporting pre vious statements in British circles that Great Britain desired an oppor tunity to state "her case before the workl." British spokesmen have said, however, that British accept ance of the 6-5-3 ratio plan was In no way contingent upon favorable action by the 10.'. ' it nee on Great Britain's 'proposal that submarines be abolished as lawful naval weap ons,, ' Ar. Balfour's presentation will be wholly aside from the question of re tained' nubmarlne tonnago. The Frenoh Delegation has pre sented a proposal for so great an In crease In the strength of the French Navy that the British declare such a programme. If carried out, would up set the whole plan for n 6-5-3 naval reduction. a 5-5-3 naval reduction. Although not yet entirely revealed, tho British understand that the French plan provides for the con struction of ten 35,000-ton supor drcadnoughts In tho ten years sub sequent to 1923. ThPE-j vessels, of u type similar to tho Amorlcan bat tleship Maryland, would give France a capital Bhip tonnage of 350,000, as against 315,000 for Japan a.nd a pre ponderance of; new "Post-Jutland" type craft ovc all nations. Italy, altho ;h Indicating disap proval of such 1 building programme, la said to havj told the Arm Confer ence that 4f 'mno constructs ten such ships she must carry out a similar 'building programme.' The combined French and Italian fleets thus would bo some 200,000 tons stronger than the British or the American allotments under tho re vised flguree ..greed on yesterday by tho Big Three. FRENCH SHIPS HELD AS GUN RUNNERS Two Caught and One Sunk by Spanish Warship Off Voroccan Coast. MADRID, Dec. IS (Associated Press). The Spanish gunboat Bonl far has captured two French sailing vessels which were conveying con slgnments of arms and munitions to tho Moroccan Insurgents and sunk

another vessel engaged In the Banwf.ugj THRIFT BONDS

official report received hero to-day. The report states that tho captures and sinking were effected off Alhucn mas, on the Mediterranean Coast uf Spanish Morocco. The Bonlfaz has been engaged for some time In opera tions against the Moors off the Mo roccan coast. . auiK pnrvEn siroT 1 ibo. George Slack, a driver for the Sheffield Farms Dairy branch In Went 125th Street nuked attention at the Knicker bocker Hoipit&l to-day for a pUtol bull" wound in hi left log. He ald hn had been attackrd by robbers to-day whllo In front of the roitaumnt of John M nella at No. OSS AJTiittnrdam Avnnuo. At the roataurant Dateotlvo itoroll was told that Slack had shot himself accidentally and, b was arretted for carrying the wpon.

AND ULIVIA 5l UNL .Nurse, Also Held for Murder, I Cares for Mrs. Raizen, Near Prostration. WATCHED BY ALIENISTS. Four Experts Retained by Family Again Place Mur-, deress Under Observation. Mrs. Lillian S. Italzcn, who shot to death Dr. Abraham Glickstein in Brooklyn, is under tho caro In Ray mond Street Jail of Miss Olivia M. P. Stone, trained nurse, who Is await ing her trial for tho 'murder of Ellis Kinkhead, former City Attorney of Cincinnati, at his Brooklyn homo last summer. Mrs, Italzcn was very near to ner vous prostration when she was taken to tho Jail after killing Dr. Glickstein. She has rocovercd sufficiently to take some exercise In tho prison corridor when she Is not under examination by the alienists employed by her hus band and family, -hut has been un able to Join tho other women pris oners In their yard excrciso between 1 and 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Miss Stone, when Mrs. Italzcn was brought Into the corridor reserved for women held on murdor charges, sent for the Warden and asked for the privilege of using her profes sional training In caring for Mrs. Flaizcn. Tho offer was accepted. Miss Stone Is the only ono of tho women In tho corridor with whom Mrs. Ftalzcn has talked at all about her own experience. The other women In the corridor ore May Moloney and Sadie Reynolds, held for Investigation jf tho Barry murder last week, and Lucille. Leon ard, who pleaded guilty to man slaughter. The family of Raizen. It is believed, will allow her to go on trial on a charge of murder rather than upply for a lunacy commission and h.ivo her sent to some Institution if found of unsound mind. The alienists who visited her aga-n to-day talked with her on various subject?, including her story of the shooting, but reached no conclusions. Tho alienists are . Dr. Edward H. Hicks, chief of tho nervous and men tal division of the Broad Streot Hos pital; Dr. Charles W. Pilgrim, former President of tho State Hospital Com mission; Dr. G. Harris Isham, Super intendent of the Brooklyn Stato Hos pital, and Dr. Georgo H, Klrby, Di rector of tho Psychiatric Institute of tho New York State Hospital. The Identity of tho mysterious man who accompanied Mrs. Raizen to the Hotel Brcslln ui.sr her arrival from Florida apparently has been cleared up. When Mrs. Raizen told her story after surrendering nothing was said of her admitting having been mot at the pier by a man and accompanied to tho hotel office. This Information camo later from a hotel attacho who happened to remember her, but District Attorney Lewis says now she told him about It In her con fession Tuesday. Charles S. Raizen. her husband, (Continued on Second Page.) AS XMAS GIFTS, URGES MELLON New Certificates Make It Pos sible to Give $25 Present for $20. WASHINGTON, Dec. W. Tho use of the Treasury's new thrift bonds for Christmas presents Is advocated by Secre tary Mellon. The new series of Treasury saving certificates Just placed on sale for tho flrat time, Mr. Mellon said, would mako it positbla to give a $35 Chrtitmaa preaent for 120, the new certificates being sold at a discount from their redemp tion vaJu at tho and of Ur r.rt,

I "LIKE MOTHER'S CROON AS BABY TAKES CASTOR OIL"

Read's View of Lodge's Speedi Oriental Skill Beats Occidental ' Mind. WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. Senator Reed of Missouri again attaoked the four-power treaty to day in tho senate. "The facts," he ald, "furnie.li additional evidence that the occi dental mind in diplomacy i.s 110 match for Oriental skill." He declared that Great Britain and France dominated the Panama Canal, which he de scribed as "America's jugular vein" through British and French possesions In the West Indies. Speaking of tho Pacific Islands, Mr. Reed said: "They have been described In beautiful and poetic language by Senator Lodge In announcing the new treaty. "Wo ought to read It often be cause it has so much ot poetry and so little of statesmanship. It reminds mo of the croon of 11 mother when she is ubuut to give her babe castor oil." Albania Wants Him, a Nap oleon, As King, He Says Park Ave. Great-Grand-Nephew ot First Bonaparte Tells of Throne Offer. A representative of the Kingdom of Albania has unofficially conferred with Jerome Napoleon Bonaparto of No. 772 Park Avenue, a great-grand-nephew of tho first Napoleon, 1 da tive to Mr. Bonaparte's arceptunco of tho throne of Albania. Ho said to day: "When i was In Washington te conUy I was approached .by A. J. Chekrevi, High Commissioner of Al bania, who, so to speak, sounded me out on tho proposition of accepting the rulcrship of his country. I Ir mado no direct offer of tho throne, and, so far as I know, he was not em powered to make such an offer. "Should such a tender 'bo mndn to me I am quite undecided about the acceptance of It. Albania Is .1 much disturbed state, her boundaries are Ul-deflncd a,nd tho ruling of it would bo a most difficult task for anyone." Mr. Bonaparte Is a great-grandson of Jcromo Bonaparte, former King of Westphalia, The latter, nftcr his ox Uo from Franco hy Napoleon, married Miss Elizabeth Patterson of Balti more. The Mr. Bonaparte of Park Avenue married hero In lfH Mrs. Blanche Pierce Strebclgh, wife of a broker, whom she had divor-od. CHRISTMAS TOYS KILL CHILDREN'S BENEFACTOR Sidney Smith Tomun Diet Under tinrden of Illi Oltti. Sidney Smith Toman, sixty-live, edi tor and publisher of the Trotter and Pacer, dlod lait night at his homo. No. 112 Weitervett Place. Passaic, from heart failure. Ho staggered Into the Elks' Club of Passala under tile burden of a great load of toys ho had bought hero for tho Elks' Christmas distribu tion, and it Is believed tho exertion brought on his heart attack. Mr. Toman was born in Clovolund. Early in llfo ho becaino u.uoclated wltb the Bulletin Journal of Independence, Iowa, and later edlti-d tho American Trotter, publisacd at independence. At. Toman camo to New Vork twenty-seven years ago to Join the taff of tho Trot ter und Pacer. For a time ha was sec retary of the Empire City trotting track. He leaves a widow, three sorm and two daughters, CUT IN FREIGHT RATES FOR GRAIN SUSTAINED WASHINGTON, Dee. 16.-Reducecl rates on grain, gram products and hay In trans. Mississippi territory, which the carriers recently sought to have suspended for six uuuulib, were sustained bj the Interstate Com merce Commission to-day. Tho new rates will go into effect Dec. 27. Tho reduction is about 1C per cent. Further decreaaea reuit from the commlnilon's order to-day which re quire! that corn and other coarse gralni bo carried for 10 per cent. less than wtsea ana ouer Drtaastua grai

5-CENT BUS LINE FOR FJFTHAVENUE New Line to Parallel That of Fifth Avenue Company, Charging; 10 Cents. FIGHTS TRACTION RING. Transit Commission, Which Summons Mayor to Hearing;, Included in His Excoriation. Major Hylan to-day announced tho Intention of his Administration to establish n 5-ccnt bus lino In opposi tion to that of tho Fifth Avenue Coach Company, which charges 10 cents on all the streets through which the Fifth Avenuo buses operate. Yesterday Information camo from the Transit Commission that If would cost tho city $73,000,000 to provide buses enough to meet present surfaco transit conditions. It was said that this information was furnished by the Fifth Avenuo Coach Company. Tho Mayor pays his respects to tho Fifth Avenuo Coach Company In the- fol lowing statement: "Tho Fifth Avenuo Coach Company, which is controlled by the traction ring for years, has used buses with a centre of gravity so high as to in crease the danger of an overturn. It is tho intention of this Administration, as early as possible, to get a reliable concern to put safe buses on the same sticots anil operate them at a five cent fare." Tho Mayor also attacked the Tran sit commission und the "traction trust papers," as follows: "Tho Transit Commission and the traction trust papers have started their propaganda against a system of automobile buses for tho people of this city at a o cent fare. Their scheme appeals (o bo to allow tho traction Interests to "grab" tho bus franchise privileges and charge a 10 cent fare. "Tho studied attempt to condemn temporary clt buses is another piece of bold propaganda. "We appropriated a million dollars for' the purchase of buses of a type which would permit entrance from tho curb. The traction lntcrosts, through their attornoys, auggen helmcr, Untermyer & Marshall, se cured an injunction restraining tho expenditure of this money. If the city hud not been stuyed by the court, there would to-day be thou sands of automobile buses operating on the Htrects ut a five-cent fare," The Muyoi, Comptroller Craig, Commissioner Whaicn and Samuel Untermyer will bo witnesses beforo the Transit Commission next week. Mr. Whalen will bo Invited to ap pear as tho manager of tho proper ties of the Statcn 'island Midland Railway, now operated toy the City of New York. Because of the city's attitude toward tho new Transit Commission uud Its icluctanco to recognize the commission as a proper leoal tribunal, It was learned to-day that Commissioner Whalen may insist that he be : ulipoenacd In the regular way. Mr. Whalen also (Continued on Second Page.) NEW FIND IN MYSTERY MURDER OF L. I. CITY MIihIiik I'oillnn of Woman'x lloily Foil ml Xrar IVinil. The midlle portion of tho body of a young woman wjs found this morning at Vrm Dam 'incl SUtllmun Avenues, Long Island dt, ubout uJO feet from the pond in which the head, shoulders and arms of a woman o.ro found on Oct. 22. The legs were found in Mystery Swamp. Van Corllandt Park, on Nov. 7. Tho police my that aJI the pait. lu'ind ato from tlifi eum" 0.11u11. but tue loily. now com plete . !i. i.Wf; b. .1 i(li;ntillcd, Willi. in Hnt'-mium. No. It! Eighth Avenue, l.oiis Island City, uu emplojee of the Quennit Sowar Hureau, was clean ing out thi' caieh basin at 10 o'clock t lay when ho came upon the latest flu j. It was tied up In thn underclothes nnd stocklnea HUDDOsed to have balonred tn the victim, but there was no mark of Identification on the garment,

on Peace To -Morrow

IRISH TREATY RATIFIED BY BRITISH PARLIAMENT

DAIL WILL ACCEPT T Treaty Supporters Confideiu It Will Be Adopted at Public Meeting. SECRET SESSIONS END. Long Debate on Authority of Envoys to Sign Peace Is Concluded. DUBLIN, Dec. 16. (United Press) Tho Dall Elrtann concluded tho secret debate on the Anglo-Irish treaty to-day and probably will meet to-morrow to take final action. The secret discussion wus brought to a closo at 2.30 P.M. after nearly two days of debate. This was an Indication that the major ght between Michael Collins and Arthur Griffith on the ono side and Eamon Do Valera on the other had been terminated. Followers of Collins and Griffith enthusiastically predicted an easy victory when the treaty is brought up lor a final vpte. DUBLIN. Dec. 10 (As.socl.Uod Press)-The crowd greeting the members of tho DnII K'rcann at tho entronco of tho National University was much thinner tins morning than on th two previous days on which tho budy has, met for consideration of the I.ish Pcaco Treaty. The private sessions of tho Da. I. It is declared In uomo quarters, havo beea dewtrd largely lo an itttempt to discover some method whereby the Dall can accept tho treaty and nt do same time not icgister a defeat for Eamon Do Valora and his followers. Tho principal difficulty In tho way Is said to bo Dc Valera himself. Tho Dall can accept or reject the treaty, but cannot make a fresh one without renewed negotiations, yet parts of tho debate In secret session ore said to havo been concerned with the details as to how the dolcgatcs might havo tocurcrt hotter torms. Tho attitude of the Republican Army Is causing much speculation. Its heads in the Dall are admittedly divided on tho question of accepting tho treaty, but all the leaders arroe In deprecating any Interference by the army In tho political decision. The official organ, of the army de clares that wliator tho decision may be the army will accept It in the truo spirit of d.sctpllncd soldiers In support 01' tho national will con stitutionally uxpicssed. COST OF GOLFING LICENSES GOING UP llcnnrny Wants Annual Tec for Pnblln Conrira Doulilr.d. The probabilities arp that nexl year the annual fee rihargfid for golfing lic ense to play on the Van Corllandt, pel ham Bay and Mnshulu public courses will be inerr-ased from the present charge. 15, to J10 with an lncreaao nlso In the rental for lockers. Park Commissioner Hcrmesay, of Hit Bronx, nnnouured lo-day tint he had had a survey ma.Je and that tho up keen of the rourees and tho locker rooms cot much more than waj re ceived from the uolfers. The preont locker fees are J7 for uppjr locKirs and J5 for lov er ones for a year'.- uee. To the protest of the golfirs 11 sny Increase in rates. Ceiiitnlssloner Hon iiessy replies that other cltlon charge much more than New Vork doe dnd Klve less. TUK UOKLO TRAVEL UUBKAO. Aittdt, lUlllMr 1 World) BuUllat. sf-ti rwa ait. N. X. Cltj. TlKfoxi AWsaa 4000. room for biifif sad runli ogta aj tad mlaM. Moot; owa aad tnrtllsn' 3MM fu III,

House of Commons by Vote of 40 1 to 58 Defeats Amendment to Speech From Throne, and Lords Follow With Like Division of 166 to 47. Overwhelming Majority Against Unionist Stand for Ulster Has Effect of Adopting Speech From Throne and Creating New State. LONDON, Del. 16 (Associated Press) Both Houses of the British Parliament ratified the treaty creating the Irish Free State by overwhelming majorities this afternoon. Following final arguments in favor of ratification, presented in the House p f Commons by Austen Chamberlain, the Government leader, and in the House of Lords by Lord Chancellor Birkenhead, both House's voted emphatic rejection of the Unionist amendments to the King's ad dress from the Throne. If these amendments had been adopted, it would have had the ellect of killing the treaty.

POOR CANADIANS! DAILY BEER SUPPLY CUT TO 12 QUARTS British Columbia Stanches Free Amber Flow to Curb "Beer Clubs.-' VANCOUVER B. C, Dec. 16. Two dozen pint bottles u day i all tho beor ono may buy from the British Columbia Government on a provincial pormlt henceforth, an order tn council to-day speci fied. Tho measure was adopted in an effort to curb the activities of "beer clubs." Formerly there was no limit to tho amount. 600 WOMEN RIOTERS NOW FACE ARREST Their Army in Coal Field Is Broken Up Soldiers Are Stjll on Guard. PITTSBURG, Kan., Dec. Tho State's campaign, to end rloUng tn the southern Kansas coal fields was well sturted to-day. On orders from the State uuthorltlcs at Topcka, nearly- BOO wui rants were prepared by Attorney General Hopkins. Uo. Alleu's personal I cprescntatlve, and C. A. Burnett. County Prosecutor, against leaders of the women's army of red pepper throwers who overran the cotrnty and put an end to coal mining operations. The warrants charge assault and hatter', rioting, disturbing the peace and destruction ot nroperty. Karly to. day six deputies, reinforced by Na tional guardsmen, left for IMngo, Mulberry and Arnva "lied Centres" to begin serving the wnrrnnts. TO CHRISTEN ROMA FROM A BALLOON WITH LIQUID AIR New Semi-Rigid Airship Will Have Unique Reception at Washington. WAtMINOTON. Dec. It. The atmv soml-rlatd airship noma, purchased by tho Govern ment from Italy and Tecently re assembled nt Langley Field, will be renamed with a bottle of air In liquid form on her arrival to monow'. Tho unique christening will take place In tho air. Miss Fonrose W.iinwiight, daughter of the AnslHtarit Secretary of War, dropping the bottle from a lice balloon on the bow of the cratt The Iloma will arrtvo over the capital between 8 and 9 o'clock and remain until after noon. Several persons will be taken on a trip over Baltlmora.

lo the King's speech, proposed In tho House of Commons by Col. John Qretton, Con servative, expressing regret that the treaty "would involve tho surronderv of rights of the Crown In Ireland and glvo power to establish an indepen dent Irish army and navy," received tho support of only 5S members. A similar amondmont, moved in the House of Lords by the Duko of Northumberland, mustered only 47 "dlo hard" votes. 1 The rejection of tlieso amendments by both Houses qf Parliament, there fore, had tho effect of adoption of tho King's address without a division. iwhlch constituted ratification 'of the jltreaty. Tho House of Commons rejected the amendment to tho reply to tho speech from tho throne by a vote of 401 to 58. Tho Houso of fLords took similar action only a few minutes later by a voto ot 136 to 47. CRAIG IN LONDON TO FIGHT BORDER CLAUSE IN TREATY Premier Says Ulster Might Have Xc-cpted if Boundaries Were Not Involved. LONDON, Dec 1. Sir James Craig, arrived here to-day for a further con ference with Premier Lloyd George on the Anglo-Irish treaty. "I camo la connection with th boundary commission question, which is most Important to Ulster," air James said. "Without this feature, I think the treaty might havo been able to securo Ulster's approval." The border proposal, however, alters tho outlook entirely, he dt. clared. Austen Chamberlain met tho Ulster leader this morning. Tho Lloyd George confercnco was scheduled for later. "LET THE BOYS AT HOME DECIDE," SAY CORK MEN "They IHd the FIsrhtlnK and Korr What 'a Ueat for Erl." The ninn and women of Cork til Nw Tork and tholr friends will aaattnbla to-morrow night at Donovan's Qrand Circle Halls, No. 208 and 310 Weat Ettii Streot. to give full expression and an I couragement in tho preaent erlil to their countrymen In Ireland. The Cork men believe that the boys at hoist who did the fighting are the btat Judgta of what terma and condition! they ahould oocopt In order to bring peace nnd eon ttntmant to thalr country, Prominent speakers will adSraaa tha satharlnffl two halls and two bnnB' have been
