THE EVENING WORLD (New York, N.Y.) — Selected Pages, 1920

Source: Library of Congress, Chronicling America / National Digital Newspaper Program bulk data (chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/), NYPL-digitized microfilm batches. LCCN sn83030193. OCR extracted from page-level ALTO XML with corpus/tools/alto-to-text.mjs (low-confidence and very short OCR blocks dropped; otherwise unedited). Each page below is a separate day's front page (p. 1) or an inside news page (p. 3), one issue picked from the middle of each month.

=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-01-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280611/1920011701/0632.xml ===

-f 4 SIR OLIVER LODGE TELLS OF SPIRIT COMMUNICATION SEE PAGE 3 TO-DAY'S EVENING WORLD u TO-NIGHT'S WEATHER Fair and colder. TO-MORROW'S WEATHER Fair and colder. EXTRA I g-luu'A,iii mi. '-xwl "Circulation Books Open to All.' "Circulation Books Open to All.' . VOL. LX. NO. 21,332 DAILY. l"& VD,SNbT&i,T.rlSl:lul,,B' NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1920. I'ntrrrd a rVr-onil-CUn Matter rt Office, New York, N. V. 18 PAGES. PRICE TWO CENTS.

mi m H m

EVEN NEAR-BEER UNDER 81

Mi SALOONS .31 No Provision Made for Licens ing Sale'of Half Per Cent. Drinks. WHOLE NATION DRY. Kramer Counts on Aid of Army of 25,000 to Enforce Prohibition. No provision has 4,een made for licensing alcoholic drinks of any kind after tho last day of tills month. "Deputy Excise Commissioner D. Horry Kalston said to-day that -unless the Legislature makes somo provision the saloon keepers who hopo to con tinue selling near beer and light vMnos will be compelled to tihut up shop. Ac cording to the Mtatc law such drinks ar liquors. "Tho last legislature," said Mr. .lUlston, "piisscd a measure providing j a liquor llccnso for four months, in- stead of a year, which ends on Jan. 31. When that ceases there in no way of licensing tho salo' of lleiuor In tho State. I "The State law defines liquor as in cluding all distilled and recltied spir its, fermented vino and malt decoc tions. Without a license there can be no sales of near b-er or anything else which carries tM slightest per ccntago of alcohol, and tho only rem-1 dy -will ibo for the Legislation to paaa.a. now law embracing me m-nw mg theso drinks." In Now York Constitutional Pro hibition ciuno in with comparative quiet. Police stations this morning contained few prisoners brought in ' on aocnunt of drunkenness. Tho "farowcll to liarleycorn" did not provo to lie the celebration it had been pictured. It had been dono too many times before. Only a few old-tlmo saloons of the, better class remained open to. day. Tho warning of the Koelernl Judges that it would be "Jull sentences, here after" and the fact that thure Is little ,i,.mnnil for tho permissible, substl- l.t ihn s,rwllilt Minn nf 1UI.CS lur uv-vi, ', r-- the liquor trade to close tli-ir places of business Just as Commissioner Kramer was opening his. The law will 'bo enforced for tho tlmo being by Kramer's Prohibition Army of 1,000 special age-nt. lawyers and State commissioners, with what ever assistance tnuy get from officers of tho Depart men t of Justice, the Post Office Department and the Internal Revenue Uureau. Inasmuch as the law also requires ! the help of local pollco nnd "11 other 1 State, county and municipal officials, 1 Commissioner Kramer counts upon tho help of fti.oOO men In his fight .igainst bootloggers and other d-'alcrs in liquor. Tho first arrest for violation of the constitutional Prohibition Amendment occurred at fivo minutes after mid night this morning, when Internal Revonuo Inspector Muses Ilconthal itolzcd Michael Mindcii, ono of tho best known cafo owners In 'Greater New Tork. for belling him a glass of (Continued on Second Page.) 1920 WORLD ALMANAC 35c. on Stands. By Mail, 50c. fountain of Statistical Knowledge Theae and Mnj lh" Important Facts: Mtaicrabla Dntn Record it Important fwati: Scientific Progrrn; Comprnialion tawai Old and New Income Tai Half, Nil. uttlliitun and Immutilion Ut, Marruae i Divorce StatliHei, Sportlrig Recordi; Uf crlftion ot National Puki; Colieget and Co. leaa rralernlliri. Stalulki ol Ciliei. glatei t,i the Dra't, flntnci.l. Iniuranci, Ciav. Trioe. Population. Pulllihad THE NEW YORK W0RL0, New Yore. City.

FORMER GERMAN EMPRESS COMING HERE, IS REPORT Wife of Kaiser Said to Be Con templating Retirement to a Monastery. PAKIS, Jan. n. FKMER Empress Augusts, Victoria of Germany, who is at present at Potsdam, con templates entering a Protestant monastery in England or America, according to a roport received hero from Basic. Her health is reported bad, but it is said she is not In a serious condition. CRAIG FACES JUDGE IN CONTEMPT CASE Comptroller in Court at Fifth Hearing, After Threat of Arrest Is Made. Comptroller Charles I. Craig appeared beforo Judge itayr Jn tho Federal Court to-day In answer to the contempt proceedings started against him by Uni ted States District Attorney Caffey. A motion to quash won denied and It was arranged to hear oreumenta on a de murrer i week from to-day. This was the atfth hearing in the ease, but it was tho first ono attended by Cratg. who bad been threatened with a warrant for arrest if lie faiied to ap pear this time. It is alleged that Mr. Craig was .guilty of contempt in writing a letter to Pub lic ben-ice Commissioner Nixon criticiz ing Judge Mayer's activities in the Now Tork traction problem. BERLIN STARTS IN TO CURB RADICALS Twenty-Six Labor Agitators Ar rested, Charged With Com plicity in Riots. RUUMX, Friday, Jan. H. Twenty six radical Ubor agitators, members of the Independent and Communist groups, were arrested to-day charged with complicity in the rioting of Tues day. The owners of Industrial establish ments in Berlin would havo voted to proceed relentlessly against radical em ployees, who are found guilty of in stigating strikes or browbeating work ers. Fifteen hundred men have been dis charged from one shop because they failed to appear for work on tho anni versary of the killing of Dr. Karl Llob knecht and Rosa Luxemburg. The second roadlng of the Employ ees Councils Itlll was completed by the .-sauunai AsseniDiy to-day. GEN. BANDHOLTZ IS HONORED BY ITALY Is Among lZleven Americans Receive Decorations From to the King. WASHINGTON. Jan. 17 Blrven Americans, army and unvy omccr.. Red Crews nd other odlelalr. havo been awarded decoratlous by tho Kms of Univ. .Major W. C. Whlto, Amnrlcnn Ited Crews. Is named Commondiitnro of the Crown ot Italy; '.Major K. II. Hlrrioi and i:. A. Pet. rson of the Red Crom. are mail,' Chevaliers of 'thn Crown of 1 tjilv Hrle. lan. I.lneoln f'. AmWi and Hrlg ien. H. H. Handlxiltz, Knights i 'ommnuder of the Crown of Italy; MnJir Rills 'ook. f'lirvalliT of St. Mnuriio ant Izraro: Oapt. Jann I! Piillir. SurttHon W. h. T1ir, C K. N.i Wi'linm Sh ii'iion, New Tork, mid (juis--j)I- C, Ito-i' f the Red Cross, Chei-i- l'.i rn or tlif ''ivn tf Italy, ami Com n.undi r S lapley of the I". S. S. vi J miiiBi'i'i, lvnib'I't Coiiimui,lur i'I tlio Cionu. ' . WOULD ItKSTAUHANT. I hptclal for to-di)'. Jan. 17. lu.u; Vlrtiala lira an.1 frlaj mwt .4aUv. 40u: otrntd Iwuf aJi

i E $12,862,754 NET IN 2 "LOSING" YEARS Own Figures Show Big Profits While It Fights 80-Cenl Gas Law. CONFISCATORY, ITS CRY its Own Reports Convict It of Tiying to Bamboozle the Public. Profits aggregating millions 'if dol lars havo been pouring Into thn pockets ot the owners of the Consolidated Gas Company the while complaints havo' been sent broadcast about the injustico of tho 80-ccnt gas rato In this city. For more than six months the Consoli dated has been fighting tho 80-cent rate before a legal tribunal on the ground that It Is confiscatory. At the samo tlmo figures of Its own making offer indisputable proof that tho stockholders, even through the crucial period of the European war. wore coining money through Its sub Mlrry and allied concerns. The Consolidated Gas Companv acknowledges that Its net corporate Income in 1917 was $7,123,104.02, and In 1918 tho figures were J5,73n.C50.81. These millions were nvailablo to tho stockholders after all operating ex penses had been paid. Much of the profit came through the New York Edison Company, which is controlled by tho Consolidated, while another heavy contributor was tho Astoria Light, Heat and Power Company. No denial of those flguros- is made by tho Consolidated, but the stork holders contend tho financial emolu ments of side issues havo no bearing on the legality of the rato prescribed for gas making. "Tho interlocking di rectorates, producing hugo profits, they insist, are beside the question. On file with the Public Service Commission aro llgures sworn to as correct by tho officials of tho com pany, which tell the following story of net profits and losses by the Consol idated and Its various affiliated com panies In 1917 nnd 1918:: COMPAMCS. Gaa "is. Ornilila(ed Ota 17.12!). li t 01 M.m.CIO 81 Aitforia h.. II. A I'.... l.:il.?J.7 1.31 S.CC7.TM New AraarcHinGa.... ";''' i Centra! Union Oaa 1il.S7.J Ktajwtar i:a Uiibt ai"S Jtfl 4i N Y. MutUil (iaa t-Uat Ci.MJ 1.3 Nortlxm Union Has.... 5.77.:0 X. Y. A Uurerw tiaa.... .",,49 CJ KiertrlraJ. New York EdHMi C.BA tt United Klev. t. At'.. 490.2H7 04 N Y A Q. E.. L. A P. 557.835.41 5C0.SJ7 (1 'tl b!9.H 54 II 'I. 11I.I.S7.0I 10.:.1.l7 Sl.7ll.4J 3.H.1.745 M 07.41 : :j7.uo.i3 Pefldt. Jn addition, tho Public Scrvlco rec ords show that at least ono other lighting company, not In thn Juris diction of tho local Public Service District, turned ovor considerable profits to tho Consolidated. This was the Westchester lighting Company, which earned for tho Consolidated sterokholdcrs $357,817.77 In 1917 and In 1918 earned $117,325.99. Intricate bookkeoplng nnd dovlnus financial data prevent tho layman from totalling the Consolidated In come, and the receipts are- curiously interwoven, so that even the' ofllco of tho Corporation Counsel and tho ex pertB from the Kt.itc Attorney fjen- (Contlnueel on Second Page.) CLOSING TIME 7.30 P. M. Sharp on Saturdays for SUNDAY WORLD WANT ADS. Want Aelvcrtlsetneiits for Du Sunday World ntiist liu In i'!ic World's Mai" (Jlllce on or In,. I re 7.30 SiUurday uvenliiij. llr.uttli Ollues licfure 7 P. M. I'tsltlvely "no advertbijiiicnti will Lo ucceptrej alter this timJ. frad lour huniliaj Murl.l Uunl Ailvertltrnirnt in Carlr lu UitLe burr of IU I'uutlrallnii. j LATt, AOVEUIISI-.MUNTS MAY UU OMITTliU.

IFRENCH DEPUTY MADE PRESIDENT BY TO-DAY'S VOTE IS ELECTED NEW FRENCHPRESIDENT Hefeats Clemenceau, Wlio Wounded Him in a Duel 26 Years Ago. VnilK.WM,BS. Jan. 17. Paul Deschatiel was clectd President of Prance by tho National Assomhly hore to-day. He received 731 mtna The total mnnibership of the Assom bl.v Is 910, but only SS9 votes were cast The elnroat for tho Presidency of Premier Clemenceau by M. Deschanel recalls that they met in a duel twenty-six years ago. At that tlmo nl. menceau wrote an article In his news paper, ui .TuHticf.," criticizing M. Deschan.!l for an Interpellation made against tho Ilrisson Ministry on tho law against anarchists. M. Desehnncl sent his seconds to M. Clemenceau. The. mm met with swords and Deschanel sufferi'd a wound ovit thn eye. The sefston nun railed to order .1 1.10 o'clock this afternoon by Leon Bourgeois. Presielent of tho Assembly. M. Ilourgeois began the proceedings by drawing from a box the name of Senator Sabutcrlc. who openeel the' voting. The roll call then proceeds! alphabetically and without exciting great interest. Marcel Seinbot nnil Ilene Vlvianl, Seiclalist leaders, abstained from vot ing. I'ormer Minister of Munitions, Albert Thomas, ralsi-il the first laugh by voting under the letter "a." Paul Kmeseno leiuls Dfchanel Is known as eino of tho most brilliant publii' speiikera jf pianei', He won m rn in llrussels In 1837, during the i xile in lielgium of Ins father, Unule licsi h.ini I, Kenatnr ami profi-ssor of tin' t'olge' uf Pant,. P.iul de'sehurii 1 enlerevl political life In IS70 n." sreretary to M. O" M n m'. then Minister of the Intrri In 1W5 1m- was rlmteil to the ( until. i e Deputit'S, lie-comms Vii'e-PreMd nt Ih.i' liodv in 1X911, M. I n H'liiim I iim elected Pri'idd',nt of t hi- e 'li'inilji i Jn 1 S9R uiul held that o!f. until 1'i02, when he wns d"feate-d fen re- le lion. Sinci- May, 1912, wne-n In' Micei'nn Ilinrl HrlKMiu, M. I h'i h.MM 1 has.wrviil e'ontinuouxly as l'i' 1 1 oi i in- i haiiihi-r ol lii punes. II' 1. iiii inlK r u( ih Pie-neh Ac-iel-1 . uumiik 'Mi' diel to the sen 7 of n Ijti iMou'inl ll'TV. M. Ueschanol hi. wi.tlin "wi.il books o,i i,in.uj .ii'l n. I. lie al Mibji-e-'K Tins ih till' w I'liil lime M. l)eciinnel h.i' been a candidate- fur the Presidency of tho republic In 1913 he entered tho lists against Itayinund Polucate, but polUd only IS vptca,

Y E Foreign Affairs Held Up Owing to Absence of U. S. From Council of Nations. LOANS ABROAD DELAYED President's Illness Has Left Government Affairs With out Real Leader. By David Lawrence. (Special rorrmponilcnt of The Keening World.) WASHINGTON, Jan. 17 (Copyright. 1520). Presidential politics, Prohi bition gloom on tho ono hand and Joy on the other, a certain reaction against the precipitate, handling of tho Socialists In tho Now York As- bly, a wall of distress from Central Europe, where starvation and suf fering Is growing, plenty of talk but only talk about a compromise on the peace treaty, and a rather looso con duct of foreign affairs owing to tho uncertainty of America's position In The 6ouncll of Nations, describes in a general sense tho state of affairs in Uie national capital to-day. Many lntorcats aro crowding pell mell upon one another for attention iu both the executive and legislative branches of tho Government, but never did Uic wheels of progress seem to he so sluggish, never so much without dlrwtlon or aim. Tho Ill ness of the President Is happily pass ing, but ho Is not yet in shape to co ordinate the policies of his Admin istration. And as a consequence ono finds tho Department of State re turning rather noncommittal an swers on many questions on which America should have her say with out equivocation. FAR EA8TERN QUESTION ONE CASE IN POINT. Perhaps the Far Eastern situa tion Is a case In point. The attacks In Congress that have been made on tho presence of American troops In Siberia havo tended to weaken the enthusiasm of the Government hero in maintaining any nfntus quo, am' the tendency lias been to let the Japaneeo havo a free hand. Their argument lu that they must stop tho flow of IiolBhevism toward their own shores. Hut this hardly pleases tho persons, especially those In Congress, who dislike to ceo America giving & free hand to Jnpnn anywhere. Yet tlio Department of Stato secntu to bo powprless to express American policy In the Tar East except In tho most cautious sense, for It is an era of sensitiveness in which the depart ment seems unwilling to glvo Con gress something on which to pounce In an effort to discredit the world power policies of tho Admlnlstra Hon, which have Ix-cn used by tho opponents of the league of Nations In their campaign agaltibt tho treaty. Indeed, until the treaty is ratified tlio value of American foreign pqllcy is virtually nil. ICuropo 1b asking questions and gutting few answers. Fiscal policy 1b In a curtain sense (Continued on Set-unl Page.) DEATH FOR KILLING BAVARIAN PREMIER "I Sinn Him Ikv.iuse Ik- lieirayed My I-alherlanJ," "vi Cuunt rco Valli'y. -MI'NP Ml. Jim 17.'oiiiiI ,rui Vil ify was sient"in.-l lu dmUi tnnti-rdnv (ur the- uxiuitioii, iiiou of Kurt r.Ui.i-r, the liuvar.jri 'n mil-, a' Munlrli on PVY 31, 1919. T'n- emirt, w m gmfr.lwl liiiiiti- and but !(' tnop duiinif the trial. Describing events which leal to the OMuutlnatlon t lie Count uld: "I Mint him from lihlnd boeuuao he bo Uftj'cd my UUiwidUi"

ALLIES REVERSE ! RUSSIA PLAN; 00 Clothing an J Other Necessities to Be Exchanged for Rus sian Products. OPE TO AID PEASANTS May Be the First Step Toward Peace With the Russian People. liONDON. Jan. 17. Comtnorciai re lations will Iw resjenod bctwi-em the Allied tuitions and tlio Kitsslan peo ple at once, at a result of a decurion reached by tho Hupromo Council at Paris ycHtorilay. Tills stop, whlcfli reverses tho former policy of the Allies Inward Iluswla, doos not imply an altered attitude toweird tlho Trotz-ky-LonCno (Jovornment, according to the Htateimcnt Issued by tho Council. Clothing, medictnos, agricultural machinery anil othr necessities will be shipped Into Kuxsla from Entente iwutlons, whUHi will rootelvo In ptiy- tutmt grain, flax and other product which tho Hussian ipooplo desire to export. Amingomontrrby which sup pllr sent to Ilumda will roooh the pen-'tiuta will bo made, It Is under stood. HelaUons between tho Allies and Sovlot Ilushla fill a great dal ol space in tins morning's nowHiwpers. A romarkabln statiuneiit issued in Paris yesterday and ancribii to tht HritlHh mlsalon thone practically con tradicting Thurwday'a iioml-ofllcla. announcement in this city, whlch ac cmi.paniel tho Information th.-ut Win ston Spencer Churchill an1 his col league had gono to Parts, is printed In news column, but is not a nubjeci of comtnent. Despatches from Paris immv istrangu conflict of vlws regarellnf. the liun'lol Journer- to that city oh Thurlay of MlnlHtcrs and chiefs of the army and navy. Home oelvlca assert tliey wore surnmone-d there te conslde-r the dojiger frum IJolShc vism, whllo others doclaro that they were called for a general ellsciifaslon of the European irltuutlon. Imdin nnwHpapers chootto foi primilneneo tho iluveiopment in the Itumlan situation most suited to thcli rcspoertlvo views. Tho Dolly Nows which advex-aten peAce with tho Uol-sho-lkl, descrihtti the nnnouncomen of tho r-eopt'riing of trade relations as "iwimenteius news, which on the fact rf it lie-arm Uie nilsVng uf tho block-adi- " In heiiillines of blookevit typr tt Kiyei: "First Stop to IVuco With HusHta." The labor organ, tho Herald, says if tho anneninccment sincerely moaiif what. It says it definitely tmplUtj Che raising of thn blooluulo. "Hut," it continues, "tho Russian policy of the Allied Governments htu Ix-en so tortuous and their dorrptlon have been so many that it will bo, well to wait and hoe." Tho Daily Mail, which Is strongly hostile to tin- lbdslieivtkl, says the new trade decision Is a rcmarkaMi ono and may have unexpected results The Morning Post and Telegraph which are- filially antl-Ilolshevlk. generally eomme-nt on what they re gard a iKisitton of xtremo gravity foi Durope and eve-clally for Great Ilrllain. FIRE IN F0RTJCHUYLER. .Small lliillillncr t xnl I'n.l Head- eitinrlrm llrejlniyed. Tlio one-atoiy framu p-i.t hradqiur lors at I-'ort S hu lor. the Hrfrns, was di-stnix'd in- firo at ? .. M. to-d,iy. SnlUiers, al'led by 'lty firemen, s.ivnl several niall buildings near tho he-ad-iiuaitnrs. A s-m of t ie i-ngine-er at the Fort flrjil c thn fire, anil Hrrgt .Mjjor Crajton , notlfle--l Mei '-1110.1 Uie toldlcrs out fur fire wrvl-. mil ri-nlUlng tho dan gr tn n'tjw- t-nt bulWIntM nlto sum fnonitii tin- -llv flrnni'-e After n rllf. h ilt r.m -ir u.-ial inllrw thruiuh the mow th. "ii. H In lime to help aave the ollitr !ult'lln&. tai: K hi:m.-AN8 aitkk heals and at 4 ka laa COOU P1CC9TION main rt IttUtiH.

"REDS" LAND IN FINLAND FROM SOVIET ARK BUFORD; DODGING GERMAN MINES

Berkman and Emma Goldman Lead

249 Radicals Down Gangplank Woman Red Says She Will Re-: turn to the United States.

MANGO, Finland, Jan. 17. The

deported radicals from the United States arrived here to-day. The entire number will be taken to the Russian frontier by American immigration officials. i

UNREST ENDING IN ASSURED PEACE, SAYS LLOYD GEORGE "Indications Becoming Steadily More Favorable," He Declares in Birthday Message. DON-DON', Jan. 17.. IK u meagn to tho Dally Graphic to-day on his 67th birthday, IJoyd Georgo said: "The tumult of human anger and unrest In settling down to as sured peace. Tho indications are betcomlng more favorable." IRISH CANDIDATES BACKED BY LABOR AND SINN FEIN WIN Feature of Election Is Unusual Number of Women Who Cast Votes. m ilM.V, Jan. 'l7.-dlcturns from tho municipal elections hold on Thurs day show thnt gen orally in Haste m, iVestcrn and Southern Ireland ap proximately 75 per cent, of tho candl Jutcs mippoTtcd toy the filnn Fein and labor elements were successful. Tho remainder of tho candidates di-ctcd represent various laluorlties. A fcaturo eif tlio election "was tho auusuolly large number of women Aho partlclimtcd. Clerks in tho election centers at Stra jane. County Tyrone, struck when au thorities arrested Dun Dolmrty, Preal Jent of the local Hlnn Keln Club, during eli-ctlon activities Thursday, The jliTka refund to count ttxi ballots until Doherty wits released, but tho authori ties would not free him. DEMAND FOR KAISER IS SENT TO HOLLAND Dutch Government Expected to Refuse to Deliver the Former Monarch. PA I US, Jin. 17 Tlio Supreme Coun cil's letter to tho Dutch Government lomandlng tho extradition of former IJinfH'ror William was sent last night to that Oovernmtnt, The general expertaUon in Fn-nch -Itci-s Is that Holland win refuse to iellver the fornx-r monarch. It Is said that the letter to the Dutch Government was drifted by Frenchmen, who used clauses from a similar letter drafted last July by tho American delegation. At the name time the Supromo Council ap proved tho ti-xt ef a letter to Ger many demanding tho surrender ol thoao guilty of war crimes. MRS W ROCKEFELLER IS DEAD IN GEORGIA Sister-iii'Law of Oil Magnate Suc cumbs at Winter Hume. nitPSHWfCK, Oa., Jun. H.-iMra. William Itoalct'fel. r la ili-.nl it th Uni-t,- rfeller 1ntor home on Jekyl Island. near here.

Jlr.r, husband la tho brothf -f JohnAtha vessel Jtroa the Atlantic. 'n' 'rllar. itk. . rrl,. nK' 'III n. v.,..',,.

U. S. transport Buford with 249

After tho Uuford had been locked. Berkman nnd Miss Goldman led a pro- cession of radicals down tho gang plank, a largo number of porsons as sembled on tho wharf gazing curiously nt tho landing. The Ileds mndn up ft moUey throng, their faces being full of curiosity as to what their future might be, whlbi thero were traces or anxJoty lest they might bo, attacked after they had loft tho protection ot their American guardians. Finnish au thorities will look after tho safety or tho deportees. After they had landed, Ilcrkman and Miss Goldman talked willingly with newspapermen. Asked to glvo kr opinion of her dcportaUon. tho latter ropllcd: "It was melodrama to ttoep tc secret." "It was unfair and stupid." lntsr Jcctcd Workman. "You can't kill art Idea like that. The Crar tried ana failed. Ilo Is dead and forgotten." Asked what her -plann were, Mia Goldman said: EMMA GOLDMAN SUPPORTS THE "TRUE" BOL8HEVIAM

Bha" nnt impose my advico upon tho Itusslan Government, but shall re main alllllatcd with the IlolshovilU. I hold my doportatlon was un Injus tice. Wo were not glvon a chanco to prepare for It. Bolshevism ot my kind, not tho American or German ' sort, can never bo suppressed." "Do you want to overthrow tho American Government?" Miss Colo-, man was asked. . "You neod a now Government." he answered, "and I hopo tho election will provldo If 1 U Is her Intention to return to America ns soon as possible. Itorkiniui Is undor contract to write for an American monthly publication a rii, 0f artidcH ldboilt formot. ' AmrrlcrLn pnn wuide-nj, omoii therm Tliomns .Mott o.ilxrno. - , Ho UU ho would furm a "Leaoio. of Hulan IYienefs of America." the efforts of which wuid redprooato thoso of u,o American Pri.mds of Hus.da. Of tho latter organization be said: "It has grown so eminently re spectable that oven former President Tuft is u member." HAD TO DODGE MINES WHICH GERMANS HAD PLANNED. - S . During the three-day Journey front Kiel to Hongo the voyage was dan gerous beavuso marine mines In the? llalttc havo neit tioon removed by tho ' Herman Gove-rnmont, occonllns la various officers eif tho Uuford. A

German pilot -was in thargo of the '' vessel, swinging the ship around la wlelo curve-s or turning sharp nngloi Once ho stopped during tho night while tho rudder chain ground with, a fearful sounel. Jlattrrs beenroo worsei tho second night .out when a, mysterious and mutilated, -wlrolftei message was received ordering a dtf fiTent port of dfibnrkatlon than had been originally planned. This caused a elelay In landing here. While the llutoril was at Kiel tbroa rMllors smuggieel on board nlno bot tles of rum. Tlio commanding offl. cers sent tho rum brick. Olllccrs of the Uuford were fatigued after their lung voyagi storms hav ing impeded the ship, which Is ca pablo of making only nlno knots pert. hoP ln nM)otl' weather. This held, hlck the deMroyer which convoyed,. .


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-01-17, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280611/1920011701/0634.xml ===

THE- EVENING WORLD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1520,

T Resented Dragnet Search for Proof of Official Specula tion in I. R. T. THE JUSTICE IS BLAMED. Weeks Accused in Demand That Grand Jury Minutes Made Public. Supremo Cotirt Justice Weeks, who Jtas under ndvlhoment to-day tho mo tion of Assistant District Attorney . Tatley to make public all tho Extra ordinary Grand Jury proceedings In fie "overshadowing crime" nnd other inquiries. Is expected to announco his decision Monday. Mr. Tallcy In making hia motion yesterday charged that Justice Weeks iast November engineered an In vestigation In Wall Street in an effort to provo that Mayor Hylan, District Attorney Swann and others had "sold short" securities of tho Interborough, on the evo of tho Mayor's charge of conspiracy mado to tho Grand Jury. Assistant District Attorney MrQuald, a member of Mr. Swnnn'a staff, con ducted tho Inquiry. Mr. Tallcy also alleged that Justice Weeks had acted oa adviser of tho Grand Jury. In the midst of the charges Justice Weeks insisted that Mr. Tallcy incor porate his allegations In affidavit form before ho proceeded further, and an adjournment was tak'n for this purpose. Not only did Mr. Tallcy fur nish an attidavit but he obtained one from Mr. McQuaia and filed both as a part of his motion papers, with a copy of a letter from Mr. Swann to Justice Weeks. Tho letter filed followed tho lines of Mr. Talley's argument and went a step further, insinuating that tho Jus tice was helping out the Intorborough officials In their fight for an 8 cent fare. Mr. McQuald's affidavit m-ido It plainly to be Inferred that Mr. Swann knew nothing of his activities. SAYS THAT SWANN REQUESTED THE INQUIRY. During tho argument Justice Weeks explained how the Investiga tion had been started through tho re ceipt of anonymous letters and said tho Inquiry had "been specifically re quested, by Mr. Swann," who deired that it bo mado tor tho Extraordinary Grand Jury. Ho further said ho had most certainly acted as adviser for the Jury, which was hia right and duty after the Jury had quarreJlcd with Mr. Swann. When Mr. Tallcy went into court le carried a long typewritten argu ment. Tho purport of his plea was that If the minutes of tho Grand Jury covering the Hylan testimony, the secret court session, and the testi mony of Intorborough officials and officers of tho brotherhood of cm ployies only were placed on Ille, tho public would get an erroneous con ception of tho "overshadowing crime" and charges leading Into the Dis trict Attorney's office. "Bithor the entire minutes or none of them should be made, public," de clared Mr. Tallcy. "The so-called investigation of public officers in pur suit of the 'overshadowing crime' was part of that investigation. Let us ha.vo all the evidcnciJ or none of it so tat thu nrctense and mystery may bo dispelled." SWANN BLOCKED CONTINUA TION OF THE INQUIRY. "I want to say that the investiga tions showed that neither the Mayor nor tho District Attorney had sold stocks short," asserted Mr. Tailey. "That investigation was halted after thrco or four days," observed tho court. This brought out tho fact that after Mr. McQuuid had mado a preliminary investigation, with the aid of Chair man Strait of the Stock i::;changc, to whom ho had been sont by Justice Wcoks, ho drafted a circular letter to brokers, asking them to report any officials who had dealt on tho 3hort sldo of Interborough securities. This was done at tho suggestion of tho Justice, but Mr. Swann rofused to sign tho lottor or permit any as sistant to do to. Tho investigation was thon dropped. Tho letter wna to have gono to 3,000 stork brokers. It would appear, therefore, that tho in quiry was stopped by tho District At torney. SOUTH AMERICANS HERE. Sixteen Arrive on Orronia for Pnn Amerlcan Congress. Sixteen delegates from South and Central America to the fan-American Financial Congress, which will bo held in Wash ngton beginning Monday, ar rived here yesterday on the steamship Orcoma. Th Argentlno delegation was headi'd by Domingo S.ilaberry, Minister of Finance; the Panama delegation by lAils K- Altaro and Juan Navarro Dim, both formur Kimtnclul Ministers: the Peruvian di legal on by Fernando C. Fueha. Minittr of Finance, and 'ho Uruguaan delegation by Itlcardn Vc clno, Minister of Finance. Several diplomats fiom ih embassies in Wash ington met tin deV-atcs. Dunlin Ijl.nlK I'jlll'' frm Chili i. Cont i'-G'ii''ri hen'. If.' was fo'-iui l.v Chilian Ch.iri" d' Iflaire.i in li Ign.in rapt Uruc .-y H Wilson ,of tho Chilian Navy, and 111 otneera and men urrhtil on the w.iy to Hnglnnd to tako buck a Chili four former German mino sweepers al'ocated to Chill. L S. METCALF DEAD AT 83. He Oner Wax Ihlltnr iif tlie .urth Amrrlrnn Itrvlni, The de-ith of DnroMus button Mctculf, ' mrr elltor of tin- North American p.. .-1. w In L(s Angeles, Thursday, of .nlew. w.-is announced bv Ills son, ' ) I. McU-ulf of IMiunflfcld. N. J ,h nl n Mr. Mi-miIi wad clghty-thrue years o1 1 A t' i giadu.-illnc froni Hates Col bze he edited several weekly ournnls r, N w r.ngl.ind. and iw managing editor oi the North American Iteview from l76 " lsSi '' ,ssl! founded The Fd mi nnd edited It for five enrs. ,, . f .-in .el 1 1. F'n-I'l i V ! Cltjf i 1 1 .li" I' (! viil. .mil it edt frg tot tour years.

Communication With the Dead Is Like

Using the Phone, Only We Can't Call Them Up, 9 9 Says Sir Oliver Lodge

"We Can Only Leave

Have the Instruments Ready" "In Twenty Years We Shall Say of the Survival of the Spirit and It's Ability to Communicate With Us, 'Why, of Course, We Always Knew That'."

By Marguerite 4T N twenty years wo shall Ray of ability to communicate with that!'"

Almost casually, smlllng'a little umler his thick white beard, Sir Oliver Lodge, one of the world's most distinguished scientists and quite tho most distinguished defender, not merely of Immortality but of the power of the ImmortAl to "come back" to tho mortal, thus summed up his conviction that tho present wave of Interest and faith In psychic matters will rlso and not recede In the years to come.

Comfortably leaning back In an arm-chair bcsldo his flreplnce nt the Hitz-Ciirlton. between puffs of the nfter-luncheon cigarette which he smoked through a long holder, tills tail, broad-shouldered Hrltlsher with the flno brow nnd tho keen, half shut blue eyes, talked to mo of life nnd death and his 'belief in the liaison between the two. Ho spoke coolly, tolerantly, temperately, with n stud ied absence of fanatic enthusiasm and the not Infrequent gleam of a smile. His quiet voice and lack of emotion took the edgo from even his most challenging assertions, yet made them uncannily convincing. "There aro no dead," said Sir Oliver, clearly and carefully, "cither In tho sense that those wo lovo be come extinct, non-existing, or thai they go to a world far beyond our kem Their world, I am convinced, is our world, seen from unother aspect, "fhoro Is a veil between us and them that Is all. And often It wears thin." "Isn't it true," I asked the great .scientist, "that your belief In personal survival nnd In the communication between the living and those wo have called dead Is baaed on something more than emotion, on such proof as appeals to tho investigator of nat ural phenomena?" "Quito true," ho replied. "I first received such proof tack In the eight ies. I had Irrefutable conllrmntion In '87. Hut for years I kept to myself my beliefs nnd tho evidence on which they were founded. Then, in 1906, I came out and said what conclusions I had reached." Sill OLIVER LODUK'S son Iiay mond, around whose eommunl cations with his father the well known book, "nnymond, or Life and Death," was written, did not dio till 191D. Curiously enough, he had never, so his father told mo. made any agreement to return to earth if he could after passing out of this life. "But he has told me since ho passed on," tho scientist and the fathr add ed, with a tender, .humorous llttlo smilo; "ho has said to me, 'You re- , member, father, how I used to laugh at your ideas about corainunlcatii-n from over here well, now I know you were right.' " "Do you consider," I asked, "that flje fact of spiritual communicat.on with tho living is as well establlsncd, from tho scientific standpoint, as the law of gravity or the law that two bodies cannot occupy the same space at tho same tlmeV" "Not quite as well aa those I iws, or It .would have breu generally accept ed," Sir Oliver admitted. "And yet you know whut Einstein .Is doing to tho law of gravity! There is no f xrd point In science. The fact of spiritual communication is at least on the enme basis as the atomic theory of manor an excellent working hypothesis, a tenable theory with plenty of proof back of It. "I havo a gooU deal of sympathy for tho sceptics. For some years I did not bellevo In personal Immortality. It is difficult to bellevo the dead cum munlcato with tho living without twine personal exncrietico In tho mat ter. I probably shouldn't bo convinced of it myself If I had merely listened to what others havo fold on the sub ject. "Those with whom I have no sym pathy" nn'd now a noto of Trunk, if controlled, indignation sounded In the quiet tones of tho weaker "ar- those who say spiritual communication ls f the devil. In the words of my frle.M. Conuii IM'le, U It is of tho dev. I. ho c,r made a bigger uwuliu in ltfol" 1ASKHU Kit 111' -: ,i-.". tin. uni nun .ml. .'.uliKt'.c iUvt.uUtn , 1 ' spu-ttiril iiiri'jnleatlun ICn-.- coining from I., 'lib vmiw'ouh ml". 1 0f the t.i' ilium, o.' ax U'f '' mi'i thought tiarii.fo-itncc from tin- ..1!..'. of the sitter or mw other mind. "Communications may be effected in each of these wnjs, nnd wo havo to make allowance for thojn," he ad mitted readily. "Not everything that comes through the medium is to bo accepted. Wo must use ' our 'Judg ment. I'or instance, if I wont to a new medium and sho told mo Hay inond alil nu wa3 and tier.t love I should pay no attention to it. 1 know flu would say more than that. If sho gave mo a mesngo'in which he talked about God Almighty, should discount It lm doesn't talk ". at v.5. "But U ho mild, through aor,

the Lines Open and '

Wooers Marshall. the survival of the spirit and of Its us, 'Why, of course, we alwayB knew 'Father do you remember how I used to come Into the room?' nnd I an swered, 'Yes. my boy, tell me about It,' and then he told me of a certain llttlo trick ho had that could not come from tho medium's subconsci ous mind slnco she had never heard of it. "My friend 1 H. & 1, early In thin century, conducted a scries of remarkable experiments after ho had passed on, to show that messages can come over which are teleiiathy from the dead but not from the living. He gave cross-communications that Is, be gave part of a message to three different mediums, and only when the thrco parts wero pieced together In a central clearing-house did they make sense. No one alive In tho world knew tho complete message till then, so it clearly could not have been the result of thought transference from a living mind. p.MMfNICATION' with th dead," Sir Oliver offered an illustration, "is like using the telephone or wireless telegraphy, ex cept that we cannot call them up. We can only leave the lines open, and hav ! tho instruments ready. Those who have died at the end of a long life are not usually anxious .to come baek. Hut the young, tho boys we lost in the war, they are so oa.ger to get through! Their Interests are in this world, and AUTO PLUNGES OVER 50-FOOT PRECIPICE None Seriously Hurt Chauffeur Took D.irinjc Gumce When Crash Seemed Inevitable. Anthony .Yt.imislo, ehuuffeur for I Andrew

lionizzi, superintendent o: tno.n i.:i,i hhc-.. sir..ni t,.n,.,.i i,,i i...

I'lerc.. Steamship Company, was driving ( Ills employer homo early tills morning , .V i. ..: " un . in 1 . oirvei. new aceiey aireoi. JirooK- lyn. tie sa-w a joy riding party plunging dlrecliy toward him. Aluniisio's only j timnci- w escape was to swerve on 10 . r, the siucwuiK. lie wninea Uiy wheel and a uccond later Ills auto dived off a rjfty foot precipice, Atannslo stuck to hlj Job, although Hying gliLss from the broken windshield cut one of his yua. his knee and Ills -wrist. He landed his machine right MdH up at rhe foot of the embankment and found his employer and his brother. Jo-m-ph Atunrtslo, who was riding with Mr. Uonlzzi, dazed and Jolted, but otherwise unhurt. The machine was divmug-'d badly. Tin. Joy riders did not stop. Mr. Hnnizzl went on to hH homo at No. 1 063 U-mt istli Stri't't, Mrookl) n, In a taxleui). Tne At.mislo brotlitrs 1 iv- at No. 3!sfil Jerome Avenue, Woodliaven, U I. BIGGEST SOFT COAL MINE TO REOPEN American No. 1, at Uicknell, Ind., Sealed Two Months Because of Mysterious Fire. UICKNEI.U Ind., Jan. 17 Tile Amer ican No. 1 mine, sulil to be the largest bituminous coal mine In tha world, healed on Nov. 7 bocaui of a fire o. mysterious origin, will ronew op. rations next Tuesday. Cold winds rushing Into tie- worlilnfr. nfter the intense heat of the fire Is euiising heavy falls of suite, some Uoul durs, said to weigh as much n tturty tons, blocking the piimngfii. Tin ce have to lie ilyiiainlleil .ril rennived will Tlie mini emploH mmut MJD tin n ilia I. nil 1 record of 11011:111; inoiv tnnn ,i'(itl ion 01 eniil 1. day WITHHOLDS HAY E'S LETTER. Hellene relilillnp Iti'fllNeil In l leml nilnrNoiiN Or)' Mretlnur. vpliiin. 11 Ander-on, held of Ji AutiSuloon league, r 'fuad to-dn to limit' public a luttir from AreJiowhop I'a'-iik J Ilaed 1 reply to a letter invltiiiir III' tVlni'.'.iiM in "C i'rolillil- HUU Ille.'Ullfi Of ''.' 11 III Mei-i.iolltun Ul'e ouil'llug m III 'lie next iloil- iln. "It wni'1 be dlsrourt.oua to mnln li. .1 - nuuile before tho mcet'ng,' -1.4 A; il.'.'-on, but Intimated It 1 li r"j at tho meeting. 1. .a bell -vi"! the Archbshop has n . .ivcopted tl Invltitlon. Itronklyn Clinmlirr of Commeree Nntiirn TleUrt. Tho nominations committee of the HroOklyn Chamber of Commurre has named the following ticket for the un tiual election next Tuiveho : President, Jnmiss Slierloek DuvU; llriti vlee jresl dtnt, Walter llainimtt: second vlee president, H. H Ioetiler: third vlee pividileiit, Itnlpli Jonej.; tri-asurcr. (.'harles L. Scinnk; nvw tnembeDi of the tard of direetor.1. tieorge W. Il.iker. Nonnun Dodge, Krudcrlek I.. ,ninCorn. JeorBB Dressier. Juy Duvul, Ohnr'.e it I i Kullrr, Stanley H. ijiiniiisnu. Willl.ini S iiunmiru. m. MiiiHiirnjni. nuur j. I'rner, Wlltmin MrCurroll. Krnnk i'. Mllti'ou. KiiMhill S. I'erriiif. Jiimen H. I'dJ' . .Meier Meinbrlnk. Artlrj" sonier' udq J, Harvt'y WUlUmui.

'4t ouvtR they long to console those they nave left. The mother or tho wife need not be a convinced Spiritualist. In most Instanres all that Is necessary la to gel in touch with a reliable medium. 'Ixivo bridges tho chasm.' "There aro those," the Grand Old Man of physical and psychical science concluded, with his wlso little Knille, "who say that this discovery of the spiritual world is greater than any other -scientific achievement since tho lieginnlug of time. I don't know that I'd quite say that, but I'd go a Ion,; way toward it. For most of the other discoveries and Inventions, such as the uses of electricity and steam, mcrclv satisfy material needs, while tho dis covery that those wo lovo persist meets the deepest longings of the soul. And If they are immortal, we, too, shall bo Immortal. I believe tho sensible people should take hold of psychical .science and develop It, Instead of leav ing It to tho cranks as It more or Iosm has been left, and then In a few years we shall have something which will mean to all of us a great consolation, a great hope and a new view of tne jniverse." iCAN'T BUY BOOZE, SO HE KICKS WINDOW 'Labt Niffht Was the End of the World," Pessimist Tells Court When sked I lis Motive. Kiral I.enhlnsky, twenty-three, of No. former saloon of Ilernard Nadler at No. 1G Foroythe Street at 10 o'clock la-t night nnd, placing a certain sum of mom.y on whut U(1d to b(. thc tjor aai(: (Jlnmie a drink o'f booxe!" itrons wore horrified -Mr. Nudler, who j sells iiopcorn, pig feet, coffee und sand- .wlches, wa Indignant. 1 "Out, you loafer you," lie ald, "don't you know It Is Prohibition?" , Klral I-shlnsky nut a curse on the placu and stepping Into Forsythe Street turned nlKiut nnd l need olio foot through ihe plate glass door, valued at $31. "What have you got to say for your self?;" .Magistrate Sweetser nhkeit him I In Ksnex .Market Court to-day. "Last night," said Klral, sorrowful Hy, "wan the end of the world!" I "Pay for the wmJow," mild the Mag istrate. POLICE GUARD j BARGE OF BOOZE Sou Barrels of Whiskey on Sunken Bartfe Raises Puzzling Question. Fifteen pollcemun are guurdlng tlie Inclosed barge, Frank, which sunk yes terday with 800 barrels of Ureen Itlver whiskey (lestlnud fur Cuba off DUli Street In tho II'Hlswi. Thi' wlllskiy ' was to b- trnnnferred to tho four ' .nnstor sehoor.er Flnrenru Thurlow, wlileh wan wait ug on the tide with a i whole nt more bujze for the thirsty In i Habitant of lliivuiin only two uliurt : Ulo.'ks floill Wll'l'." til" WUKeiJy took pluee. I in.- ncliuumr hid' h penn.i tu eurry i.iw'e ihlilKi. .vii.e.i xp.re.i u. noon iin.i ioui. no e.iiiiiCin oi t.i p. ruin i.ip, ifui. no e. nine. oi t.i .'lie .'l.llll .1 II L Moon. I em.- noi.t I'.iiiol ilea .i uioiini.u' ii.i up to im- rrn iik iliree s. iict.inld .'Lii.i pit ...r.' on thi boil ri'iu i.tv inoe men sslior.'. I'lin.ii poll Tlie M rri.t ti I'li i piiiiin u reeking ouf- 1 ll!l! Ill I 11 I '... I". 1 1 w l.tlr. i,h, j l.u,!,. 'I'-ie (Ire.'n Itlver Dfline I'oiii.iiiny .ii eIliuoi- l.i c . t.i x.'n.oii ii. iim l "fruit and ship Ihe imosse to t'uau. EGG HIS $300 CURE FOR HYPNOTISM lrt'ine Teller Hroke li on His Chest, Victim Complain;, to Magistrate. Giuseppe Chlarllli, No. i;t Houston .Street, believing that his Illness was lyuised by hynotlc Influenoo, went, he says, to Marguerite Contello, twenty, one,. No. 160 Mulberry Struct, a fortune teller. "Sure," ho miutes her, "I will chant away tho hynotlc influence. You bring inn 1300, made up this way: two J50 blll3, ftvo 120 t!!lM. und ten 510 Mllu, so that tho money can cover your iiody." Chlarllli brought bur tlio money, laid it on a table, hared Ills chest and cloeed ins eyes, a wot. suuhy flui.suinee dropped on his chest, letter liu learned tilts was an 'jKK. liu opened his eyes uud the 300 uiis gone. Then lie says tho woman told hnn, "Vou fi t i tietur ulreudy. don't you? See. tlie spirit nau collected your offering." Magistrate Krothlnghhin held the for nine teller for the Orund Jury on o charge of grand Uirccuy,

PISTOL DUEL WITH Bandit Who Tried Hold-Up in Manhattan Hank Says Jesse James Inspired Him. The police said to-tlny they were natlsfled Jnmi'H J. 8triuton, the diminulie track driver, luwl no nc compllreH In hia attempt to hold tip the .Manhattan HavlngB Hank at Hroadway and llleecker Htrvot un terday. Strntton haw been held In 15.000 ball for further examination In the Jefferson Market Court .Monday. Stratton Is thlrty-thrio and has curvature of the uplne. Ho has been living at is'o. 1SC3 C'ropHi y Avenue, Hath Heach. He haa a gash on h!n head nevcral dnyH old but declares he docs not know how ho got it. Tho promptness with which hlu de- ' mnnd was mot with bulletH reflectH I credit on recent step.- taken by New York banks to prevent holdups. Con- stanco M. Hlrtl, lreldent of tho ' Manhattan, who aided In the c.ipturu. . said: "I think this will bo reassuring to patrons of all banka throughout the I city. Most of the batiks are arming 1 as wo aro armed. Uverj man horn 1 carries his revolver at all times. We ! are always pruparod for emergencies. rcvery man spends a certain time at tho1 rifle range downstairs and we j havo some good shots." He denied I with a smile that the w. men ( in- ( ployeos had yet been given revolvers. ' Stratton asserted he could recall nothing of the past few days except ttiat no una been drinking heavily. He hail a vague recollection of being In Hellovue, which is suppoeed to havo been whero his scalp wound was dressed. About tho robbery he cad: "' did It all mywlf. I didn't have anylxidy with me. What's tho good of talking about It? I don't think I could put up much defo'isi and am ready to take my medicine." "Weren't you afraid to go In and taeklo that bank With tho cop out side?" Stratton was asked by a re porter. "Hell, no!" was, the rosponse, "I saluted the cop." "Old you honestly think they would give you JG.0007" "Well, you can't tell what anybody will do under excitement. I thought I would get away In the crowd and tako a Hroadway ear downtown." "Did you do anything to make ex citement.?" ".Sure, 1 shot Jn the air an u per suader. The litlile says, 'Thou shall not kill,' and I believe In that." "Tlie ltllile also ways," ho was ru mlndtid, " 'Thou shalt not steal.' " "That part of tho Ulblo doesn't con cern me," said he. "What prompted vou to do this?" "Inspiration, boozo and Jeswo James." The police say Stratton was ar rested In 191f, for slio'otlng at a policeman and sent to HI u-kwell's Island. He was sent hack nftor his release on another charge. Heoontly the police had been Investigating tho disappearance of Home niu:;haiidlu from a truck he was driving. RED CROSS WILL AID FIREMEN NOW Disbier Squ.tvi to Ke-sponJ Willi Hot Food ami ( Ilotliini? t Tliird Alarms.. Th" American Red CroSs Joined tlie city's emergency furee nt uddnlgh. When flren of burh luiportanee as to require a third 'ilnrtn oceur a signal of eighteen taps will bu sounded for ttio lied Cross disaster division. Two itH Cross niilom'oblles wl'l reiionil, one ciir ryliig hot soup, coffee, sandwiches and similar article, and the other wearing upparel of all sorts for possible uso by the rescued nnd firemen. The signal "eighteen" served for fires on Governors IsIiiikI during the war, but with the signing of the urmlstlco the call was cancelled. Tho disaster divi sion of the lbd 'ros has headquarters! at No. It Knst 23d Street.

100 SILK FACTORIES CLOSE.!'20'000 aat"N TAXK

Wne Heniiinili ICcmiiU tu 111k Tie up "t riitfrmm, '. I'ATEIt.SON, N. J.. Jan. 17 .Mi.nu- fu.'tunrs eonilueiing 1 hIIIi ilbbon weaving plums to-dny posted ii.itli.es announcing th- c'oslng of the plnnta

Mumliiy. This will throw 3.0UU people j niKht of Dee. 27 from' the l-ciiiiKylvunln out of eiiipioyniunt. lit week ISO i station to thu Hotel Cliatiism, u JBth loom tlxeri. and twUtern went out on, street nnd Vaiirferbllt Avutiiie. strike to enforce 'i demand for a llfteen ' Kmuowlirre but ween tnu rullroiil ler i-ei.t. Iiicrense. Tlie iimnufiictui - J station and t'u entrance to the I'l.nl er say Unit tiny c.uinot kep their .ham, Mr... Derbyshire lost u pjrpl t-r.ir.ff wittiont the loum lixers. ,ip..t.utrur eimn bh-nrlinz tne Initials K.

Tlie ,1'illt ribbon wiuv-rr havo de- 'iinndcil un i l- ven i- r cent, men nun, ma this matter Ib pending the eetllu- inmt of the contrmersy with thu' lonm ' ra. f RnY 19 KM I S RRDTHFR. SimhII Utile DlKClmrKril When lie Nil Trlnif In llnlnad It. ispwul i fhe t;imi Monti.) I'ATBIUSON, N. J., Jan. 17 Henry M. .-..nlth, four-yearu'old. was shot and killed by his -brother Clifford M. Smith, twelve, while the boys wv-re shooting at a tarirt-t In tho cellar of the A- hoin". No. 22 Mcltrldc Avenue. Holli parents were abs.:nt at work. The olofr tiy saia vnai a caririoge hatl become Jammed tn his .22 caliber mientlng ririe. and that h was trying in Mri It when the irun was HLvmanred. The bullet went through the boy's heart. t'lnioni was ihtoi in p mvit ui hit fltth'T. - - Mlihlirit Mnn llliiKI it.'oiiipniilitn Ill-Ill. William liirg-dw, twenty-tfsir. of No. 110 Ninth Avemie, is held for felonlou-i assaull aa the -.suit of the s'aSl.ing of :iwire Norton, af No. 3'J5 West Htri.it. at Tenth and West Strcett lust night. Norton Is dying 'n St. Vincent's llospl lal. D. tcctlves Wht-vllh nnd Camt-ll, Mhu .irresletl Ii'ir:cJ. sav Norton ld:i- I tliuu lihn Hoth men are dook wrk - r. Tlie lill'-e say lie b'.aVlnrn: ,vaj , iiiu risiull uf a .-rudfc'i..

CAN SIT IN LONDON AND CAUSE AN EXPLOSION IN NEW YORK

Wireless Transmitter Fires a Mine at Dis-! tance of Thirty-five Miles and Rings Bells, j

Copyright. 1020, by tho Prrss l'ublishlng A! N Interesting demonstration of

mcntA waj given nt tho Marconi headquarters at Chelmsford

Thursday. A dovlco which

to ring alarm bells on vessels 300 miles or marc nway wits first shown. This wna described In wireless despatches. Ilut nn even moro convinc ing demonstration of the power of wireless telegraphy wna given when n email mine of gunpowder was exploded. At a given signal, Cambridge actuated .nn automatic transmitter, and nlmo.it Immediately afterward tho chnrgn was fired nt Chelmsford. (The dlstnnco Is thlrt five miles.) A member of the Marconi Company pointed out that there would be no difficulty In firing a gun from a spot 300 mlleu away. All the 'big guns used In tho 1'osschcndaclu offensive could have been fired ns easily from London oa from Yprrs. Paris could cause nn explo sion In llerlln by merely pressing n key. An nlrplano could wait unlit advancing enemy troops had reached n certain spot nnd thon explode a mine which would annihilate them. When the range of the Instrument has been Incrrnscd It would be n comparatively simple mnttcr for n man sitting In an ensy chnlr In Lon don In cause nn explosion In New York. All thnt would Iks necessary would lx to leavo in New York n receiver suitably lililc'an nnd con nected with a mine.

STATEN ISLAND R. R. STANDS BY PLAN TD QUIT MONDAY

Nothing Gained by Argument Hour Already Dead, but Anti Says Counsel, and Receiver ' Serum May Aid Two Will Be Asked. ! Others.

The Midland Hallway of Htat.'n , Island, through Hertratn Kadlo of Itaj counsel, announce! to-dny that It I would stick by Its announcement of suspending service nt one minute after midnight Monday morning on all live of its lines which mtvo the interior of Staten Island. "Wo gave ample notice thut we could not continue." said Mr. ICndle. "Tim Hoard of Estimate nnd Apportlonm-nt has Ignored the notice. There Is noth ing to be gained by further argument and much to be lost to the owncrn of the line. "Tlie Hoard of Directors will not au thorize any continuation of opera.lin at a tlvo-cent fare. Nothing remains but to forfeit the franchise and to sk the Supremo Court to appoint a re ceiver to wind up tho company's af fairs." IuiUt A. Dreyfus. President of the Clvlo League, wiui kupt Irusy to-day answering tclMplnurc ajeuls from tliosu whii will 1io marooned Mondaj riy the suspemilon. Mr. Dreyfus has I urgul tho authorization of a seven ' cent fare; li- has held that tlie r of Uylan Iiiihs In Stutcn Island was I Imprin-'ticabl"' becauso of the king ! haulH and the stoop grudi'S. lu fares .'.iiid not lvi fairly llxed, ho I bellovoH, at loss I'luiu ten cent for ."hurt distance. and from fwenty-llvo i to forty cents for long distances. So far as esm tie learned no errort lias lii-en i.iade by the adrfilnlstratlon to start a Stnt. n Island bus lino to tt'l'eVe tlie situation on .Monday. Corporation Counsel Hurr and Ar Hltitnnt Corp ir.it loA Counsel Nl.'hol nn aro prewiring flight the shut down. "A-h soon as the nccuwary jmixini aro In shaiie,'' said Mr Hurr. to-day, "I will go to Staten Island nnd apply to .Justice Clark for a restraining or der. Ttm limt step will be a reouest for an injunction. "The city 1i also propnrv.il to ask for the aptxMntment of a receiver to re-present the city's lnteresti. I ex pect to appear before Justice Clark late this aftriioon. I'nller Ciinble Truer J-rl of Mm, V. II. l)erli "litre. I'olieu of the Kant 61st Street Sti.tlon reported to-dny thnt they had been uiiB.ti'11 to llnd tli" driver of the taxi rub In which Mm. WiIII.hu Hear) . Jrbyslilro of No. 132a jf.-",, Wnjihlngton. IJ. C. 11th Sire. I. rode on tne I A. D. and containing Jiiai-i ana wsr , nouvenlrs vniueu at t-n.uuu. mic oiurs n reward of Jl.iiOd Tor the return of the , cime with contents lutiic't At tin- hotel, where Mrs. Derbyshire , .,,,., i,, ,..i until u rlnv or two niu. It was I said Bho Jlacoveri'd her lots immed- lately on arriving. Tho tnx:eo.b liu-1 dr.ven awny. I PLANNING CONVENTION. ! Vlrr Chlrmnn llnrm in "nn IVmh olc to 'rkf C'hurue. IMans for the holding of the Demo , cratlc National Convention in S.n. FYsnclsco June 2S were dlseussed to day by a sub-commltton of the l)emo- cratlc Nstlonnl Conmnlttce. Chnlrmun Homer H. Cummlngs announced that , rtenrcn 1.' Mini, a lawyer of Itrldne j,ri had been selected as assistant to i.A i.uint.n r.n.1 wonl.l ect nt once to 1 . iyiineliieo to tako charge of the arrnngcmi-nis. I After the meeting n luncheon whs I held at tne National Democratic Club. No. S17 Mfth Avcnuu. I.el.lKli I nlicmlly fUS CHXI. HKTHI.KHDM. Jan. 17. Charles U Tuylor "f Pittsburgh, a graduate and trustee of I.elilgh University, to-day announced un initial gift la Iihlgh of tifi.ooo, which id to .ervc us thu beginning of nn endowment fund for 11... uDkfen of Taylor gymnasium and i..i, 1 i.i,iic.M. Th. irvinnniiliim was tho gift of Mr. Taylor several years

urfo ana cojt about jsiii.BOJ,

Co. (Tho New York Evening World).

LONDON, Jnn. W. somo remarkable wireless tlcvclop- makes It possible for ships In distress PLANE TO BRING OLIVE The poisoned ollvo dentil list in tho IK'1 llelio family, No. 2328 Hughes Avenue, llnmx, now Include! four nameti, but It Is featl that Mio number may be Increased to ids within a fnw hotirti. The dead are Paul Del Hene, his wife, Marie, and bin two Hons, Iml nlc, sixteen years old, and Antrmlo, nine years. Two brothers of l'aiil, Dmnltih- and Angelo, are nt Kordham Htmpltal n.t the Hilnt of death. Ten-year-ohl Lena, daughter of Paul, was I'flporteil to le roi-overlng. Klve agencies are Investigating the ras'e---the Departiurtit of Agriculture, tho police, the Health Department, thc Medical I-lxamlner'n othce and tlie Hronx District Attorney's olllce. The United Slates Post Ulllco mail airplane was .lelnyol at t!hloago this morning to wait for a package of serum from the ('diversity of Illinois. I:' It arrive soon enough It will bo used In nn effort t( wive tlie lives .f the brothers nt the hospital. Tho untl-tox!n reached Chicago at o'clock from 1'rbaiia; but carbure tor trouble delayed the start of Mio plan". The j.-llota, however, cxprCKv.d hope that they could rr-oi-h Now York by 5 I M. The antl-tolu was pvrfivted by l'rof. IlKlmrt irahnm, and llrut wan used at Detroit where live persons dle.l within four lays of n strangf f-o,i poison, newly discovered and railed Ijotullsm. Two oth-r.s were dangerously 111 for weeks. All hud tnten ripe olives. Dr. Graham announced ho had per fected an anti-toxin for botulism and physlciann administered It to the two sufferers. They recovered. THIEF USES RAZOR TO SLASH POCKETS iotim Ouiscs Arrest of a Man, luit Neither Blade Nor 'Monev Is Found on ilim. A raziir-wleltlliig thief, who miipiitava lilp iKeket witii not over mucli cure as to lnw dei"p his blade jK-nutnites, Ui at .Ntirk in Now York, the pollco learned to-day from Jumna iHirrh, an employee if tiy Atliiiitl- Wiirchou'o Company in (IllSfil'VOrt Street DOrch wuti . tlfii :tiiK dm ci.vuUJ rull oid fctalru nt llth Street and Ninth YVemie luit night with S10O In ensli und i check for "u in u wellet M-cui-vly listened it. ilia pockit by u buttone.1 .lap. In ihe 'Jostling c-od lie lieard uiiietliliig t 'u" luid ill 'i "UiluVi, flutrti , uin appnixlmuie vn. i- nu nioney i b' n c.in fuily p.B-vil. -fin' ripper I noi -liny cm on ni n . sil. Mir inn 'ut tils iruiiser i '4 to vwiinii tine- incn" . thu eutf. Dorcli stinted a roiv thnt .ii -ncted I'litroluiiin Killoriin. Among the ct miiis who were liurryltig away fiom the lairs, Dor'Jli picked out n mini ulm .-uve his nuiie as Joseph limm-uto of No. 1 Knit Klril Stn-.;. ati.t '..In- I n -omplalnt agulixt him. Ncltli-r tin iionoy nor rsnor was found In Ilmn- ilo'i- po-re-itl mi liri"i- i.l No. 51'! ,Wt Sir'. S'.e. t V u ,i-K V J ii Iniller-t oiM lei l.nnr lllr Xlllt fur f-J.I.IIIMI, ' j iprtlii" Court Justice M tchell 'S I lerday directed the Jury In the trial of the suit for I2CS.000. brought by Mrs. Victoria A. McKt-nzlu against Ulclmrd H. Dane, a former lawyer serving u term In Orent Meadows Trison. to find 11 verdict of $25,000 In favor of Mrs Mt-Kenile. Th s was dono afti r u settlement out of court by Mrs. Mc Kcmlc and Dune. awaits"grant'seport. UUhop llarrh hart Action Win Net lie TnLrn Until Then. lllshop Durch nald yektcrduy that further action on tfic report of the ves trymen of tho Church of the Ascension on thu Uv. Percy Stlekney Grant would not t taken until the promised rerort from Dr. Urant reaches him. 1 Dr. Grant re Dr. urant reiuscu 10 do mterviawea. At hi homo It was said he wus suffer

ins from severe cow. 4 '

RISK LIVES TO SAVE

IN GARAGE BLAZE Shifters Keep on Moving Out Autos Until Overcome by Dense Smoke. Josjpli Lynch hiii! Abraham Lovy, two shifters in tlie jrarnge of the Town Tnxlcal) Company at Wth Strent and Third Avenue, wero roQInc i oars off tlie second Moor to tho cJ- vntor to start them on their day's I work at B.i" o'rloelf this monjlngr , whrti one of fhe carq tuu-kllred and I started a lilnzo. Lynch was badly 'burned nbout the face at the flrrt I blast, but ran for a tire exthigulsher nnd he and l.avy continued rolllngihe I oars to the elcvutor while tho tlamea spread about them. As f.i 't n,i the I cabs were placid on the big elevator ( men on the gnmn 1 lloor loweYed.h lift, removed ihe ears and acnt-tl , elevator liack for another load. Scinii' one on the street saw thf. i Humes breaking through tho wlndqwt j nnd turned in an alarm. Lynch, I partly ovurcome by smoke and aufter I lug from Ids burns, staggu-ed to a , window and full norms the lottom ot tlie frame with the upper .part f bis tKidy hanging out. Lvy eotitlnued his work alone in the blinding smoko until he dropped timvinsclous with Vho tlnlties crnckllng over his body. j Hook nnd Ladder Company Non IS j run a ladder up to the window and the ilrernen curried down tli uncon i scions form of Lynch. Dr. Levlne fir j rived about tho same time in an am- ' liiltti tt..A fnim tli.. llnw.. ir.ianllAt When the ears censed coming down tho elevator shaft, I'otc Kelly a chauffeur, made his way to the hoepmt floor and while groping through the smoko stumbled over the hotly of Levy. Dropping to his knees ho hljf drngged and pushed the shifter to u i car and placing him Inside, rolled tht 1 car to the elevator und took It mvl Its bunion to the ground tloor wbero Levy was revived und treated by i)r. I.evltie. Then he ami Lynch were ncnt to their homes. It is estimated that the lost! wail about $50.0o0. Ten cars were de stroyed and these were said to havo been worth J3.S00 each. The rout 0? the damage lesulted from water, smoke and broken glass. Little orlio damiige wuh done to tho Interior ot the building which Is of concrete nd lion and glass. Kvery window wail broken. WINS CHEMISTRY MEDAL Dr. llinrlra 1'. Cliamllrr Xivardrd I'rlii- fur I.Kr WnrK, Dr. Clinries V. Chandlef. technical ndvlbtT to tlie Chemical Foundation, and Health Commissioner of the city from 1S73 to 1834, was awurded the l'erklus gold med.il by thc American section of the Soeli'y of Chemical In dunry at the Chemists' t:iui, No, by limit list Street, ln.it night. . Dr. ('handler, who Is eUhtj -threo years old, was acclaimed Inst night for his sixty years- untiring effort In thu advancement of Industrial chemistry He Is still one of the most noted pro fessors on the fHCiilty of Columbia Uni versity nnd Is often consulted on mat te ru affecting the city's welfare. HERALD TO KEEP NAME. To Hint It In Immortal, I'rltnk A. 1nne' Says. The Sun nnd the Iforuld thlo inomrng carry the following: "Concerning the Herald: "Wlilln I liave not Jet gone very far In the matter of getting acquainted with the Herald from the lusido of its otfla, I may say even now that so fi-r us Con cerns any net of mino the name Now York Heruld Is immortal. ' "I am led to sny this because of-llm extraordinary interest the worldwldo Interest in iici mm nun hren mani fested as to the future of this nnwu- pupor. fllAJMK A. nu.NBISi:.'" mist li f..l. A. I... ( Give a Tlkll. 1'ost No. 309 of tho American legion will havo 11 ball and gemr.il reunion of tlie old Jirttli lleglment .to-night at tho 12 tn IteKlmfnt Armor-. No. 120 West C2d Strcett. Tho men of thc regiment who have never been notified of the' or- ganlzatlon of the post, for tho reason Hint their addresses havo not tx)rv'a? cessible, are invited to send In their .mines and .ulilretweg or to put in an ap pearance nt the bal!. The dance wtll bo 1111 iniornnii auiur, :nii artss ot;ing neither rcdulred nor desired. Tloketj ire "' f-nts each, admitting the tickler md tuo ladles. ' l.rft li:s,IMM Vlnlln In Cab.' pti... Kn,. ..r tl. 1Kth o.a. . - ' Stutlou last night sont out a genorM ' alarm for a Strtullvarlus violin, bleh 'the owner, Francis Macmlllen. thevio llnlsl. i-ald Is worth J25.000. Hta lirotlier Suniuel tell It In a taxlcab yesterday sjternoon. He is director ot the ru w Symphony Orchestra, with an oitlcu at No. 25 West 42d Street I,,. ,t V" 20 West t2lth Strict. Real Estate 0WNY0URH0ME and be ttaaier realiie. your own landlord. meal porsooa A Wonderful Assortment of opporiuutiiua to cltbur buy the bind upon which to buU4 homo or buy one already built U otlorud the reader ot To-Morrow'o Buaday Wotkt, 1,000 Separate Real Estate Offers


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-02-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_leopold_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280623/1920021601/0266.xml ===

-) t ft WILSON S NOTE ON FIUME NOT A THREAT TO WITHDRAW FROM EUROPE'S AFFAIR TO-NIQHT'8 WEATHER, Fair. TO-MORROWS WEATHER Fair, Warmer..

VOL. LX. NO. 21,357 TO RUT BILLION Scrapping Whole Plan of Ship ping1 Board Is Necessary . for Taxpayers. tS UP; TO CONGRESS. Continuance of Building Ac tivities Sure to Result in Immense Losses. By Martin Green. Special Staff CorreiponrJent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON, Feb. 1C It is per bapci fortunate tho controversy over the proposed sale ot tho thirty former German ships has aribcn. it has served to bring directly to the notice of Con gress tho desirability of Immediately taking up The Evening World's con tention that tho -way to reduce the impending overwhelming Treasury deficit, suro to result from a Govern ment policy of keeping the country on a-Tvnr basis, instead of placing expen ditures on a peace basis, Is to sell tho Shipping Board's ships and plant, sell all material not adapted to ship build ing purposes and abandon the project of, building and operating a merchant marine. Readers of The Evening World have been shown that by quick action on the Shipping Board matter about one billion dollars I could be demobilized out of the deficit which has been predicted by all authorities on Government finances. The - lamor against sell inn the former German passenger and freight vessels seized by this country as spoils of war brings the Issue squarely before the only branch of the Government which in this instance can constitu tionally protect the intorests of tho taxpayers the Congress. Tho statesmen who are now so loudly clnmorlng against selling tho ships show by the very arguments they advanco that they have not given tho subject any thought, and that they aro In utter ignoranco ot the tre mendous drain the Shipping Hoard Is exercising on the public and ot the prospects of the stupendous looses sure to result from continuance of tho Shipping Board and Its offspring, the Emergency Fleet Corporation, as Governmental agencies. Members of Congress who think before they talk. and thero'arc noma left, will bo heard from when the hot air Is dissipated GIVES CHANCE FOR HEARING OF TAXPAYER'S SIDE. To-day's meeting between bidders for tho ships and President I'ayno of tho Shipping Hoard promises to bo In Uccislvo in So far as progress may bo mado toward tho uctual sale ot the bhlps. but It will servo to bring Into tho whlto light ot publicity facta about tho operations of the Shipping Board and the certain outcome of con inmnlatcd acta of tho board which aavo hlthorto been obscured by Con grosslonal and public Indifference Tho taxpayer has a show of having his elde presented. Tho Shipping Board, In addition to unofficially indorsing Tho Evening World's plan to cut a billion, dollar Uco from tho deficit scheduled to in augurato tho fiscal year which begins (Continued on Fourteenth Page.) LORD READING EXPECTED TO COME AS ENVOY TO U. S. At 'Least a Temporal') Appointment forecast in the LJritbli Press. , LONDON, Feb. 10. NLWSPAPLUS to-day nay that liid Heading prob ably will accept at least a frmpoiary uppolntment u Am bassador to the rnili'il tttulou. If Heading dues not want tho position permanently ho limy be sent lo Paris later, it was sold.'

SH P SALE POINTS OUT WAY

mmmmmmimmmmM . "Circulation Books Open to AIL" I

DAILY. Copjrlitat, 1020, by Co. (Tbe New FROM DEFICIT U. S. SHIP CAOGHT IN ICE ASKS HELP; Steamer Orion Wirelesses From Barrington Passage for "Immediate Assistance." BOSTON. Feb. 16. Tho United States Shipping Board steamer Orion, 'bound from Hamburg for St. John, N. B., has been caught Iran Ice field In the Barrington Passage off Nova Scotia and Is in need of as slstance, according to radio mcs sages intercepted hero early to-day. Tiie last message said: "Need Immediate 'assistance on account of Ice. Fuel supply very low." ' The Shipping Board steamer Red Mountain, which was reported dis abled and adrift In a heavy gale about 1.000 miles eat of New York shortly after midnight, expected assistance to day from tho steamship Elmsport, also a Shipping Board vessel, according to radio messages received here. Capt. Gott of the crippled steamer gave her location as latitude 40.13 and longitude 42.38. He said the tube In all three 'boilers had blown out and tho vessel would have to be towed to Halifax for repairs. The Rod Mountain was bound from Gal veston to Havre. The Orion is a 0,023 ton frulghtor, buit at Bremen, Gormany, In 1302. Formerly silo was the Hamburg- American Lino's Prim: Oskar. fahe is 403.4 feet long, 49.2 beam and 27.1 depth. Sho left Hamburg on Jan. 21. The Red Mountain, 10,000 tons gross, left Galveston on Feb. 4 for Havre. MRS. STOKES READY TO GO TO CHICAGO .Recovered From Illness, She Leaves To-Night to Answer Criminal Anarchy Charge. Mrs. lloso Pastor Stokes, imlioted on charuo of crJmlnal anarchv In Chi cago, will Iouvo for tlia.t city tnls eve ning In custody of Miss Clara B. Ol- M"ii of tho Chicago Police Department. 3trs. 'Stokes nppo-ired 'this afternoon be fore Magistrate Cobb and said she had recovered from 'her illness una vd ready to go to Chicago. She had been at liberty under 15,000 'ball. i Mia. Stokes's husband. Caot. J. G Phelps Stokes of tho Ninth Coast Ar tillery, accompanied her to court. .Urs. Stokes nld sho expected io 'be bark in N"w York by Thiirsdnj ; that bail would 'be provided for her as oon us she got to Chicago. THIRTY SNOW-BOUND IN TRAiN 16 HOURS Coaches Dug Out From Summit at Norfolk, Conn,, in Face of Blizzard. iN'-i.l to The KiMiag Wofii.) WINKTUD. Conn., Fob. 16 Thtrt passengers, snow-bound In a Central New KngUnd passenger train at the Minmiit In Norfolk, arrived here at 9 A. M. to-dav. Tho train, due here f-oir the West at I.4S P. M. steiduy, was (iruwM b thi re locomotives. One wus tlurullfil at Canuun und it wag mldnlklit before Uic train ietU'l)ed Norfolk, arriv ing ui the JJnniil. th hlghtwi rullnaj point in the Ktulr The tialn liwomo a-edod in' t.ie vnowbtinkt and a milk mr u Usruilud, Section men were calUd out at i oVtjck this morning to rilu out lu train. Tnev orki; In a biting irulu until uniie. v. lull t liu liuln wuh i. Iiu.hiiI. 'Jhr coaches were kept warm and nont? of I the puHvengers imfferfd. Two train I wuro unnuIUd to-day bvcuiuu of the

The rrr.il rubujuluf York tVorlil). - NEW SENATE HOLDS UP GERMAN SHIP SALE No Group Bid Received, But Spirited Offers Made for Some Liners CONGRESS WILL ACT Hearst Injunction Suits Argued and Decision Will Be Rendered Friday. WASHINGTON, Fob. IS. The Ship ping Board was requested to-day by the Senate to defer sale ot the thirty German ships for. which bids have been submitted until some definite Senate action is taken on the subject. The MoKcllar resolution adopted by tho Senate forbids the sale "until the Senate acta" and directs the Chair man of the Shipping Board to make a. Report as to offers to tho Commerce Committee, which is requested to lay this information boforo tho Senate for action. There, was no record vote on the resolution. tUefore It was pas.ed Sen ators on both sides of the chamber, including Senator Lodge, Republican leado, declared It Is not Intended as a reflection on Judge Payne, rhairman of tho Shipping Board. The public auction of the thirty captured German liners took place at 10 o'clock this morning at the offices of the Shipping Board. Chairman Pavno was unable to conduct the auction, having to appear in tbe Dis triet Supremo Court In proceedings brought by William Randolph Hearst for an Injunction to stop the sale. The Hearst application was taken under advisement :by Associate Jus tlco Balloy, who announced ho would render a decision Friday. For Mr. Hearst, Samuel T. Ansell, former Acting .ludgo Advocate General of tho Army, contended that tho board had no lcglslativo authority for dis posing 'C theso vessels, toying that authority to sell had been granted only as to ships bought or built and not as to those seized. At tho auction fo-day, Commis sioner Thomas A. Scott read a memorandum from Mr. Payne, which said tho bids would have to bo approved by tho Senate Commerco Committee and tho Houso Merchant Marine Committee and that accept' anco of any bids depend on the In junction proceedings. Scott said all ships must ho operated under tne American flag. Among those present were p. . S. Franklin, of tho International Mercan tile Marine; Georgo V. Goethals, the American Ship and Comrncrco Com pany; A. V. Moore, of tho Mooro and (Continued on Second Page.) PRESIDENT DENIES AGREEMENT TO SELL VESSELS TO BRITISH Senate Committee Will Urge that John Barton Payne Remain Head of the Shipping Board. WASHINGTON. V'rit). IG. PHIiSIDBNT WILSON will In form tho Sonuto emphatic ally that there is "no 'basis" for the rqiort of a scoiet agree ment between tho Shipping Board und tho British Interests for tha sale of the thirty former Ger man passenger liners, it was an nouueed to-duy at tho While IJoUHe. Mwriutn uf the Menu Hi (Vm menu Commlttc- tire irorarliij lo-dui to f-nU a lift t it to I'uhi dent, Wilson uiglug luni to rotuin John Bui ton Pa) lie us hi .d of 'tho Hlilpplnx UiiJid until p isjnt dif tl.ulileH liue b ii red o. Payne tins been appointed Her tnry of the Interior mid pltm to Uke Uut oOleo Murclt L

L Will Offer to Accept Responsi bility for Preventing His Endangering Europe. ALLIES CHANGE TERMS Latest Note Said to Ask That He Be Sent to Dutch East Indies. Tins HAGUE, Feb. 16. The latest Allied note to Holland -with regard to extradition of the former German Emperor reverses the original demand for his surrender and only asks his Internment, with the suggestion that tho former monarch be sent, perhaps, to one of tho Dutch Islands in the East Indies, It became known to-day. Tho Associated Press learns on ex cellent authority that tho Dutoh Government has already determined to reply with an offer to actually in tern Wilhelm at Doom. Holland would accept the full responsibility of preventing him from endangering the peace of tho world, establishing a guard over him and a striot censor ship. tDoorn in a oastle in Holland thut was recently purchased by the former Kaiser. 1 mat tlio ex-ruler Is willing to spend the rest of his fife In Doom i.i the belief In official circles, whero It 13 also believed that tho Allies will accept the proposal to place upon Holland's shoulders the responsibility for keoping him tliers. BERLIN, Feb. 15. Bnron Kurt von Lcrsncr, former head of tho German delegation in Paris, In nn article in tho Lokal Anzlegor to-day urged Gcrnlany to defy tho Allied demand for surrender of alleged war guilty. Von Lsrener resigned his Paris post rather than transmit tho Allied list to nerlin. Great Britain. Rou mania and Jugo Slavia will yield to German rofueal, von Lorsner said, while Italy, Japan and tho United States are not interested. BEER BILL BEFORE N. J. SOLONS TO-NIGHT Legislative Session Now Five Weeks Old Suffrage Resolution Only Measure Passed. TIIBNTON. N. J.. Feb. 16 The New Jnrsi-y legislative session will bo fivo w(k old to-night, and aside from tho suffragu resolution not a measure ha? been passed by both houses. Several liquor bills nro pending: Tho administration bill for four per cent. beer; the Hnlnes bill for flvo per cent, beer by referendum! tho Itunyon reso lution for ratification of tho Liehteenth Amendment: and the Itunyon Stato en forcement bill, patterned after tho ol slr.id net. The four per cent, bil! Is expected to lie reportcu oui oi comnuiiee io me llouve to-night. A bill for Sunday movies win imeiy uo iniroauceu to night. LIVING COST UP . 92 IN MASS., IN LAST 6 YEARS Legislature Told That Making ot New l-aws Will Do .Wore Harm Than Good. BOSTON. Feb. 10. AN Increase of 92 per cent, since 1914 in thp cost of living in ( MumwchusettN is shown in i report to the Legislature mib mltUMl to-dny by tlu State Com mission on NocoBMirlGs of Life. The udvance, tho Commission Hilda. Is duo lurgely to-Intmitod demand nnd deoroueud supply, buth natural outgrowths of tho war. As u ronicdy. legislation Is deemed po films and likely to do more hill in t Jin n tfo.nl. II U lniioHHil- to oMuli! a flurr table u ,mu uaixtfua i'ooupiua unit uu.a1

FE BBUARY 16, 1920.

PRESIDENT STICKS ON ADRIATIC

NO SUDDEN FIT Case Brings Up Question otj How Far .Wilson Was Kept Informed on Affairs. ONLY THREE CAN TELL. Gossip About Seating of Mar shall May Have Been Kept From Him. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON, Fob. 1C (Copy right, 1020). President Wilson has made a mistake. His friends aro be wildered. His opponents naturally rejoice. FW peoplo know the facts not moro than two or three- The background of the episode, the thread of the narratlvo iiseir, discloses the inner side of the Whlto House and officialdom a3 it is to-day the President Incapacitated, Irri table over lirs long confinement, antl extremely jealous ot Ills Presidential prerogatives ami ofucIuU fjencrally arcapprehenslve lest they, too, be come victims of Presidential wraUi. For, If thero were "usurpation of authority" by Secretary Lansing, there was plenty ot & by other per sons equally close to President Wilson. WILSON'S BLUNT ACT SAID TO BE A NATURAL ONE. It Is caw for peoplo oulsldo of Washington to make an orr-nanu Judgment and assume that tho Presi dent's blunt net Is a direct conso- quenen or the trdlum of his Illness, nn Impatience and petitionee not un known to persons suffering from norvous exhaustion, but Instead of supposing that tho President acted un naturally, ono' close at hand cannot fall to huve the Impression that the President Indeed acted naturally. Study of the Wilson temperament ovor a period or years, ami oiw ra tion of whnt luifl hern going on, tho environs of tlw White Houso and Capitol Hill slnco tho President got back from Kumpe, load a moro easily to tho conclusion that Mr. Wilson gave vent to an outburst of tnnper which haM appeared on provlous oc casions, but which his advisers have wiselv concealed or checked, than to the notion that somo nowly developed Irascibility brought alout tho curt dismissal of tho Secretary of Slalo. To form a correct judgment, it is necessary to know junt now mucn (Continued on Second Page.) THREE QUEENS GO TO SERVANTS' BALL AT BRITISH PALACE Many Royal Prince and Princesses Attend Social Function at SanJringliam Palace. KING'S LYNN. Knglnnd, Feb. 16. Til UK K qtwens Powagor Queen Alexandra and Queen lury of L'ugtund and Queen Maud of Norvfuy- and nsveral prince und princesses fif the two royal holmes wt-ro part of the company attending the servants' ball at Qundtlnghuin, yuecn Alex andra's home heiv. The bull, honoring tho aervanta nt Sutidi'lngtmm, was an unnual uffair In piv-wui dayn. T.IKK ItlllJi-ANH Al"l lilt v I

aud Ma Ikv tu GOOD DICUTION auk

y;.LS am y w lect

Knlcrnl Srrond-CUM I'o.t Offlc, New York. OF ANGER NEW RESERVATION; TREATY FIGHT ON Republican Leader Now Con cedes President Veto Power on Withdrawal. WASHINGTON, Feb. W.-Senator Ixidgo called up tho Peace Treaty In ho Senate this afternoon and at onco moved that the Hona(e-tiik up his proposed amendment of tho reserva tion relating to -withdrawal from the i League of Nations. Hy gelling the reservation before the Senate, Iodgc has for tho time being forestalled any effort to take up tho quostlo'n of Artlclo X. The reservation now before tho Senate reads: "The United Stutas so under stands and construes Article I, that In case of notice or with drawal from tho League of Na tions as provided In said article," the United States shall ho tho sole Judgn us to whether all Its Inter national obligations, and all IU obligations tinder tho said cove nant have been fulfilled, and no tieo of withdrawal by the United States may bo given ly tho Presi dent or hy Congress alono when ever a majority of troth Houses may deoin it necosrfry." Tho original Idge reservation on this point provided for withdrawal notice by a concurrent resolution. Tho amendment permits t'hn Presi dent to exercise his veto power, and thiiH provides that withdrawal must be accomplished by a two-thlnla voto of Congress, If the Prcsldf.nl does not wish to withdraw. The amendment us presented by Lodge was a product of tho recent bl-partUtnn treaty conferences. Senator McConnlck, Illinois, a He publican "Irreconcilable," sot tho do bate In motion with u Hpccch In which he assailed Lodgn and all others Reck ing to work out a compromlso on tho Lodge reservations, which Lodge hlm slf called the "irreducible minimum" of safety for the I'nitcd States. TAILORS DEMAND INCREASE OF $9 QN EVERY SUIT But Coal Wagon Drivers Decline at Same Time to Strike in Winter Months. NEW HAVKN, Conn., Fob. 16. rOI.'UNKVMUN tailors wero on I Mr J crt triko today doniundlng an in- create of $'J on each complete huiL of clothes. Some llvo hun dred uro out. Two lucl-clmnt tall avi granted increases. Co.il drivers and chauffourn ot coal cuneeriiH. ho demand a now wage ficuli', announced to-day that' that they would not strike, If a strike waa lo br Minor tod to. dur ing winter weather. I'rrncli It"'"? lliilunrln 'I'rcnt;, ItOll JJ. Fell. 18 An olllclal dBrtt M itfued to-day rntlfylnir Urn peace traty wttli UulerU . . . ! ...

MatUr N. T. 18 PAGES.

Note Simply Gives Warning. Sav

White House Officials, That if Decision Is Made Without Con sulting America, U. S. Will Not x Take Part in It or Police Adriatic' 'WASHING I ON, Feb. 16. President Wilson, it was learned to-day .it the White House, did not say in his note to the Entente Premiers re garding the Fiume question that the United States would no longer be able to concern itself in European affairs, if a Fiume settlement were .uade without consulting America. Officials said the Interpretation of the President's note by the Paris Temps as "too sweeping." They said the United States would not with draw from participation in the peace treaty and the League of Nations, if the treaty were' ratified by the Senate, but that it would withdraw from any participation in the Fiume settlement, including the policing of the Adriatic.

TRAPPED BY FIRE Daring- Rescues of Women and Children at East Side Blaze. Sensational revues were made In a flro which stnrted In tho'hnllwny on tho second floor of a llvc-story brlok tenement liouso at No. 400 Last 19lh .SUeot this nftcrnoon. Patrolman John A. MoKaytwa.i tho hero of the fire, i-enculng a woman and two children hy hcjplng them slldo down a fire hoso fnun the third door, whoro they lived, to tho sec ond floor nftcr the Htalrwny connect ing the two floors had collapsed. Patrolman McKay was on duty t 19th Street and First Avenue when Mrs. llrldgot Commorford, Janltresn of tho building, Informed him of the fire. Ho turned. In an alarm. When ho reached tho 'building flame wero coming out of soma of tho second and third story wlndown and many per sons woro on the fire escapes. Tho pollcemon directed thoao on the upper stories to go to the roof and over to an adjoining Vjulldlng, and those on th lower floors to come down the flro etcapes. Then he went Into tho "burning 'building and ontho third floor he found Mrs. Hc'cn Struifeller with her two children, Her man, three years old. and James, five. McKay took Herman in his arms anil w.ih atmut to sec tho trio down the stairs when tho Htalrwny fell. Firemen had arrived and they ran a hose to the third story window. The policeman pulled In enough hose to niako a sort of rope. Jie helped tho mother and children 'get down the ropo.and then slid down himself to the second floor. Flames were spurting from nil ldea and the hallway wus filled with Mnokc. Tho policeman led tho mother and children to the street. On tho side-walk he collapsed! Later he was attended by Dr. Crulg .of llellovuo Hospital, as was Mrs. Strafoller. Her man Strufellur was suffering from shock and wus taken to liellevue. Patrick FlmuiKun of No. 321 First Avenue saved the life of Mm. Kute Connoll, eighty-hewn years old, who wax ko III lust niKht shovhad received tho last rites of the church. She wus 111 an apartment on the ground floor. She Ik being cared for by a family living next door. L'lKht fumlllei wero dnwn out. HIK VMIItLl) 1KAV1.I. llL'Hf-U. i ic-W. I'iuUoi iurl.li ItiuJlm, 5.1-ttl I'm 1U, V. ClU. TlKOUluHiV IUmuiu louo. timl itn fur btatj lui iwwU ism du M wail. Moct (uuitf kfk ui utinilu.' OiaM tot ieM.-X4il.

The President's multion Flumo and tho whole Adriatic altua- tlon was eald to bo unchanged. Thin position never has been officially out lined and officials declined to-day to define It. Tho reply to tho President's note has not been received Jicre. OfTlclabj at the WSiJto Houso and SUto Depart ment promised thnt when a reply to received it, as well an tho President's note, will be mado public. Tho Protddent's noto places him on tho oldo of the Jugo-Slavs, who re jected tho Allied Adriatic proposals. The suggestion that President Wilson had indicated that tha united States would not bs dis posed to proceed with its Euro pean food relief measures if the Allies remained obdurate warn made in omo official quartors to day. Desire of Great Britain, Italy and other nations for Amer ican fund to relieve famine in Austria and other countries. It wa auggested might influence the Allies' replies to the Presi dent. Tho principal concessions indlcatSl 1y tho Ire.ildcut as possibly accept arjlc, It WUS Hold In dinlnmntln nimr. lers, has' been the creation of a buffer stato and the Kntente Premiers ad far havo opposed It. Heyond the general statement tbnf tho United Stales adhered to tha original proposal of tho Supranta Council In Paris allotting tho adja cent country to Italy, thoro never has been any pflloJal statement of tho American position regarding tho Adriatic Issue. Since that original position ,wma ansumnl a. number of notto havo boon exchanged between tho Blate De partment and the Kntento Premiers and there havo teen soveral conferw ences In Washington btvtween former Socrotary I.anslng and the rosldont Ambassadors and Ministers of Italy and Jugo-Sluvto. It has been re ported that the United States raa willing to accept some omeadme&ta of the original plan, but all of the exchanges have been closely guarded. it Is understood that the American position hus been one of unalterable opposition to the application ,of the terms ot the Treaty of London. wMch would have given Italy Jurisdiction ovur Dalmatia, though not over Flume. NO ULTIMATUM FROM WILSON, SAY FRENCH OFFICIALS President's Note Said to Be Merely Continuance of the Adriatic Negotiations. PAWS, lVb. 16 President Wilson's note on the Adriatlo question is not considered in French official circles, us nn ultimatum, it woa said to-day by a foreign office official. The official view la that tho notft Is simply a renewal of direct nego tiations by the United States. Xha reply ot the Allies, reprceeatei la the vreee herii at a cxtesoriq MftlB-

MUAhaAdl ihiitiiir-iiii''iatia'' If mii'-i.iUli-tfj


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-03-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_leopold_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280623/1920031601/0809.xml ===

MANY GERMAN CITIE E THAN 3 DEAD AND W

i ' Get 'the Cutinby 1

VOL. LX. NO. 21,382 0 tittle Hope Left of Relief for Nation's Desperate Finan cial Straits. G. O. P. CREATING ISSUES Peace Treaty and Party Fence Repairs Leave No Time to Consider Taxpayer'. By Martin Green. (Special Staff Corretpondent of Tho Evening World.) WASHINGTON, Maroh, 16. The wheels of tho machinery of tho leg islative branch of tho Government aro temporarily blookod by tho ap proaching close o the Senate flght over ho L,cague of Nations and mat ters of interest to taxpayers In con nection with appropriations aro re ceiving llttlo attention these days. Yesterday tiio Senato held tho centro of tho stago in Washington and prom ises to bask In tho spotnbht until tho final voto on tho League Is taken -possibly on Thursday. This Senate discussion of the terms of the treaty and the League of Nations has delayed all Government business touching the legislative branch. Tho Houso and tho Senate aro reeks behind with Important routlno which will havo to bo cleaned up In a llttlo moro than two months pro vided, of course, that the tracks will be cleared after the Una", voto Js taken on tho League. However, tho prospect of winding up In a whirlwind of activity, with all sorts of legislation, International as well as domestic, coming out of tho hopper in unassorted masses, is viewed by tho Republican leaders with a considerable degree of satis faction. Tho moro noise and confu sion attending tho closo of the ses sion tho easier It will bo to avoid going on record on tho great ques tion of economy in Government and 'lowering of taxation. POLITICIANS REPAIRING FENCES NO TIME FOR LEGISLATION. Several of the most Important lead ers: in the Senate will fado away as soon as tho voto on tho Leaguo is taken and will remain away for tho rest of the session unless called back to Washington on Government busi ness of tho most urgent nature. The (Continued on Eleventh I'ttBC.) POLISH R. R. UNIONS ASK REDUCED PAY TO CUT HIGH COST They Also Ask That the Death Penalty Be Adopted for Profiteers. WARSAW. Starch 10. Tlin Hrothcrhood of Railroad Workers of the district of Lublin has memorialized tho Polish Diet asking for IeBS pay. Three points aro emphasized in the memorial: Klrat, a demand for vigorous action to reduco tho cost of living; second, that tho death penalty be Inflicted on prof iteers both of which demands uio common and, third, the de mand for less pay. Tho railroad workers ask tho Diet to tako the question of prices firmly In hand, to fix mnxlmum pricrs and lo reduco wages to conloim to these pi Ices, thus In creasing l lie buying power of money and strengthening Its

FDR PEACE TIE ECONOMY!

Copyright, 1020, by Co. (The New HEED DEMAND SHOOTS HERSELF ON U. S. WARSHIP Writes Love Note to Young Officer and Fires Bullet Into Her Chest. NORFOLK. Vn., March 16. Mrs. Annie R. Worldoff, twenty-two, fired a bullet into her left bceast white, a guest on board tho United States tor pedo boat destroyer Haradcn, about 10 o'clock Sunday night Details of tho affair did not become known here until to-day. Tho woman and two young men were guests of Ensign W. B. Collier, paid to bo of New York. Mrs. World off left tho party to go to a state room to get her wraps, and shot her self with a pistol that had been hang ing on tho wall. On the floor near her ohalr was a noto addressed to Ensign Collier, reading: "I lovo you moro than life. My life has been a wreck, and I refuse to wreck yours, so I will end It all. Goodby." The woman was sent to tho Naval Hospital in Fortsmoutb, where it was said to-day she had a chanco to re cover. Ensign Conier eald sho had been estranged from her husband about seven months. Ho had known her only a short time. Sho had appeared to bo in good spirits when sho excused herself. Tho shooting created a sensation in navy circles, and caused an order to bo issued forbidding women on board warships without permission ol the commanding olllcer. Collier's shipmates say ho has al ways borxio an excellent reputation, SPEED INCREASED PAY FOR TEACHERS. Salary Raises Granted in New York City Will Be Paid on June 20 of This Year. ALHANY, N. V., March 1C The Senato to-day passed Senator Lock wood's bill providing trfat saCary In- forcasos granted Now York City school ttiachers last year too paid them on Juno 20, this year. Tho bill was rushed to tho Assembly and adopted by that body Immedi ately. Tho bill now goes to tho Gov ernor. WILL INCREASE TAXES. Will rrothlr Itoirniu- o i:ciun 1ah on Stork 1 1 1 tic- tl n. WASHINGTON'. March IS. AiJill tlonul tax legislation, to provide rev nnucs equal to Uium- th (juvcrnuient will one as a result of tin d.elsloli of the Supremo Court that Block divi dends are not taxable, m planned by Congress. Chuirnion Fuidney of the House Ways and lliuns inunitUe. an nounced to-day that hf-aritigH would begin Tnuixday mid thai Treasury ! ge ;estlons as t" lii w iuxi r. Judre Itiilhf rftirU lo Sprit U In llippodrotn', io hatt oSiWilo lecture, "Million V- T 11111 v" tv S...J ft rt r iyat..Ml iarUod. airt. , ,

" Circulation Books Open to All."

The Prem lubllthlns York World). Bill by Representative Smith Would Guarantee Payment for Goods Here. YEARLY LIMIT FIXED. America Urged to "Compete With Britain for Late Foe's Trade.

(Special Fr)om a Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON, March 16. Repre sentative Thomas F. Smith, of New York, Introduced in tho House to-day a bin providing for tho establish ment in tho United States of a credit In favor of Germany amounting to one billion dollars, to be expended for foodstuffs and raw materials needed in Germany, 'the'f und to e'under Yho supervision of the War Finance Cor poration. Tho bill regulates tho amount lo bo expended hero under tho credit to ?200,000,000 a year and provides for automatic regulation by tho War Finance Corporation to guard against an excess of exports in any lines which might threaten a shortage In tho United States with the effect of increasing prices. Mr. Smith In offoring Ills bill said that Great Britain has planned to give Germany commercial credit to tho ex tent of .3,000.000,000. Ho called atten tion to a recent meeting in London of Lancashire members of Parliament and capitalists interested in tho cotton in dustry which desired plans for tho ex penditure of $73,000,000 in a cotton production campaign in tho British col onies with tho view of ultimately con trolling tho business of selling cotton and cotton materials to Germany. Tho project of Great Britain Is to borrow $3,000,000,000 largely In tho United States and uso tho money for the purpose of building up trade between Germany and her colonics. If tlio United States is to hold a place in trade with Germany, Mr. Smith said, quick action is necessary. Tho bill proposes that the United .States Government shall extend credit to Germany in tho followlng.jnanner: Tho War Finance Corporation shall pay tho contract prices of such con tracts as it may approve between Germany and any person or associ ation engaged in business in tho United' States for supplies of food stuffs, raw matorlal, &c, (hereafter purchased by tho German Govern ment, and shall accept in payment of Germany's obligation under the contract tho bonds of Germany, hav ing such security and priority as Is permitted by the treaty with Ger many. Tho bill also provides that tho United States may bo secured by the property in tho hands, of tho Allen Property Custodian, after deducting tho amunt necessary to compensate American citizens for losses Incurred in tho war. Mr. Smith said that tho property hold by the Allen Property, Custodian Is of tho vnluo of approxi mately one billion dollars, nml that the claims of American citizens will aggrcgato between two anjl three, hundred million dollars. This leaves In tho possession of tho United States several hundred million dollars which can )o mado uvallublo ns a fund for tho payment of tho contract price of food and raw materials or as a se curity fur paymont to the United States of any advances to bo made. Mr. Smith told Thd Evening World correspondent that this bill Is, in a measure, an unswer to a recent ques tion put by The Evening World to New York Congressmen as tu what they havo done and are doing for their constituents.. 2

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 1920.

L TO Legislative Leaders Drafting Bills to Meet Problem From All Angles. LIMIT SET TO GREED. Bills Agreed Upon to Be Rushed to Governor by End of Next Week. By Joseph S. Jordan. (Special Staff Correspondent of Tho Evening World.) ALBANY, N. Y., March 16. Four Republican members and four Demo cratic members constitute the special Senato Committee appointed to-day to consider tho various bills designed to relievo tha housing situation. Tho committee Is charged ,wllb not onryTrttJdyW?f lhobltls;-ibut to prepare a bill embodying the best points in all bills, and ono that it (beliovea will ef fectually check profiteering by land lords, as wel us doviso a method to relieve tho present scarcity of tho houses. Tho committee appointed Is: Lock wood, Mullan, Carson nnd Brown. Re publicans; Dunnlgin, Boylan, Lynch and Twomey, Democrats. Tho bills Introduced or auctrestod hw tho Joint Commltteo on Housing, of which Senator C. C. Lockwood la Chairman, and all thn other hm which havo been introduced In cither House bearing upon tbo subiect were considered yesterday afternoon by the leaders of both nouses and by repre sentatives of real estate and of the Attorney General, and aro undergoing further inspection to-day. Out of tho mass of bills which havo been Introduced, measures will bo offered simultaneously In both nouses to cover, in tho estimation of tho men interested in their drafting. the situation In New York City in particular. Speaker Sweet gave his assuranco this morning tho bills wouldd bo rushed to nassaco In the Assembly and Senator Lockwood said" that they would bo in tho hands of the Governor before tho end of nexfweck. Neither would say what tho measures are. At tho conference wcro Speaker Sweet of tho Assembly and Senator J. Henry Walters, Majority Leader of tho Senate: Senators Lockwood and Dunlgan of tho Housing Committee, with Elmer G. Sammls and Nathaniel Goldstein, of counsel; Judgo Frederick Spigclberg, Chairman of the Munici pal Court Commltteo on Housing and Rent Legislation: Robert Cummlngs, Chairman of tho Bill Drafting f!nm- misslon; Deputy Attorney General Je- rorao I. Cheney and Attorney General Newton. BILLS READY FOR GOVERNOR NEXT WEEK. "Wo havo gone over tho situation from every anglo that could possibly present Itself, or bo presented to us," - (Continued on Second Page.) BANDITS GET $20,000. llob OaIilrr of .Srattlr'a In romp Tax Ilecrlpt. SnATTLi:. Wash.. March 16 Two unmasked men held up It. K. Stafford, cashier In tho Internal Itevenuo Col lector's otnec. in tho Federal Building to-day and robbed tho strong box of JJ0.000 In currency. They cactiped. Tho money reprerented nearly all the cash returns from Monday's income tax collections To-NUM'n , thf NIM kb "Weddlne Bk." Ui llin-lTliitre U eluntf uccw,. ad,t. woiti.ii itr.sr,iit nt. ft,-ll lur lu-.ujf JltraUv. Mtrui 15, 3020: iu-.i.j iitrauv. laru, IS. 3020: Unto Tirdinluri', oi;; Uiedoa trail. Dutiloo. 4.V Titita d'h,tt tUstiar. tio. 1U& uoor,

AWS TO PUT END

PLEDGED IN 10 DAYS

KAPP FAILS IN PLEA TO EBERT; WILL FALL, WASHINGTON TOLD

Wounded at Dresden 30 Die in Clashes at Hamburg, 30 at Leipsic and 19 in the Suburbs of Berlin.

PARIS, March 16. Fifty persons have been killed and 200 wounded in lighting between Communists and Reichswehr troops at Dresden, ac cording to a Berlin despatch quoting the Dresden Vossische Zeitung. The Communists, the despatch, said, seized the telegraph buildings and casualties followed wnen the Reichswehr troops attempted to re capture it. Uloody fighting, with many casual-

ties, has occurred at Lelpslg, Weimar and Gorlltz, the despatch said. At Hamburg Baltic troops, sup porting the revolutionists, were re ported intrenched before the city, held by troops loyal to the Bbcrt Government. Tho loyal troops havo repulsed, efforts of the revolutionary forces tb enter tho city. COPBNHAGKN, March lU-Thlrty persons wcro killed, including some women and children. In yesterday's fighting In Hamburg between Citi zen's Guards and Baltic troops, ad vices from that city state. Among the killed was Capt. Borch told, commanding tho Baltic troops. Tho Hamburg ndvlces report the resignation last night of Baron von Wangenheln, tho senior garrison of ficer there. Horr Lamplar, a sujiport cr of tho Ubert Government, suc ceeded him. A number of persons wcro killed and many wounded In Berlin when soldiers turned machine guns on tho crowds after a bomb had been thrown at Gen. von Lucttwltz's headquarters on Iotsdam Square. LONDON, March 10. During a demonstration at Leipsic yesterday troops fired on a crowd, killing moro than twenty persons nnd wounding about sixty, says tho Copenhagen cor respondent of tho Ccnral Nows. BERLIN, (March 16. Fifccn persons aro reported to have been killed and many wounded In fighting yesterday at iStaglltz, In the south west out skirts of Berlin. At Chnrlottenburg, a western BUburb of Berlin, four persons are said to havo been killed and six wounded as a result of collisions. VOTE MACHINE TEST BEATEN Tammany Alilrrmrn l.lnr Ip .Solid Aualnat Itrnolullon. A solid Tammany voto and a scat tering Republican vote, to-day de feated a resolution introduced in the Board of Aldermen by Aldorman Braunsteln, Socialist, which provided for a tost of various types of voting machines at tho next primary elec tion. Braunsteln claimed that If voting machines had been used at the last election Algernon Lc, Socialist, wouldh avo been re-elected. Leo Is now contesting the result. Alderman Vlodwk. .Socialist, said ho dldn5t woo the necessity for voting machines. "Hasn't Tammany the beat oilful voting maohlnn that was vor manipulated to defeat an anti Tammany candidate?" ho asked. $424,450,000 FOR NAVY. Ilonsr CVimmlltFr Cut f.tOO.OOO.OOO (From Sum Ianlrla Akr1. WAHIftVCSTON, March 16. lenorlng the declaration of Secretary Daniels that a larger navy Is needed became of de lay to tho Peace Treaty In the Senate, the House Naval Affairs Committee to day reported the -1920-il appropriation bill aftor TeduclnK tho estimate sub- mftto dbv tho Uepaitment nearly I300.000.000. The total earrled In the bill l JCl -I -.0,000 oi t.'OO.Utp.OOO 1cm than Iu3l !tnr. IUV. your neit m.ronn.I.. with Ira- 1 01 lea PamocUa OUn Oil. Adv.

1 "Circulation Books Open Kntoml m Stroml-ClaM I'Mt Office, New York. Killed and 20 0 ED AS A TRAITOR BY SOCIALIST PARTIES Berlin Organizations Demand His Resignation Centre Party Also Against Him. BURLTN, March It;. Independent nnd Majority Socialists yesterday Joined In denouncing tho revolution ary Government of Dictator von Kapp. Following n conference, lea dors of tho two Socialist groups wrvod notice on Dr. Kapp that unless ho resigns ho will bo considered a traitor to Ger many. Tho Socialists' decision was con vcyed to Kapp by the Ober Burg melstcr of Scoencnberg, a suburb of Berlin. Tho Togiiblatt, In a Bpoclal edition, published Socialist circulars declaring that all otllclnls of Uio now regime, who do not resign at once, will be considered traltous. The Socialists- action followed Issu ing of a circular in which they denied a rnport tliat Krnst Daumig, Socialist leader, had joined the revolutionists. COI'HNHAGEN, March 16. Tho Kxecutlvo Committee of tho Centro forty has adopted a resolution brand ing chancellor Kapp nnd his associate as criminals nnd traitors, according to u Berlin despatch to the IMlitiken. SOVIET DECLARED IN BAVARIAN CITY Military Is Reported in Full Control at Munich, Bavarian Capital. AMSTERDAM. March 16. A de spatch to tho Handelsbhul from Berlin to-day says that a soriet republic has been proclaimed at Hof, Bavaria, Hof Is In Northeastern Bavaria, thirty miles northeast of Bayreuth. It 1ms a population of about 31.000.) LONDON. March 1 S. The workmen ero reported to have proclaimed a "Council Republic" at Ksscn and In tho Ituhr District. Thn civil and, military authorities at C'asael and Oldenburg are said to ba supporting the Bbcrt CJovernmi-nt. 'OI'B N II A O K N1, .March 16 A Munich telegram, via Berlin, say quiet proalLi there and tint the troopx are masters of the situation. A new Cablnrt It being formed. Tho ras plants, tho water works, tho pontal rvlce and the railways a- declared t bo working nurtnally. It U cxpei-te.l tlut thn tram wa. itnk'C will be p.irtl.ilh tesumed. TAKE BKLL.ANS AI'XER UEALS and lea t tm GOOD DICJ5TI0H miia r t A

to All." Hatter N. Y. 24 PAGES. 'Old Government

With Kapp and He Threaten Leaders in Strike With Death ' Railroad Strike in Force All Gver Country. WASHINGTON, March 16. Official information from-Berlin ia that the new revolutionary Government of Dr. Kapp has "only a short time to last," it was learned to-day. It is believed the Kapp Government!' will be overthrown and that the old Government will return to power., PARIS, March 16. Herr Mayer, the German charge -d'affaires to?' day, informed Premier Millerand officially that no compromise has beert.' reached between the revolutionary forces in Berlin and the Ebert govj' eminent. LONDON, March 16. The, collapee of the Kapp-von Luettwitz

j Government has come apparently -as

Ebert-Npske Government was temporarily overthrown. President Ebert has rejected the compromise "peace" offers of Kapp and his followers and, using the general strike as his weapon, seems to-day to be speedily; regaining control. j1 .....

REFUSES TO JOIN III KAPP REVOLT Aakes Public Announcement of 'His Disapproval of Uprising;. CO PENH AO ION, March 18. Work ers at Kiel havo suppressed an at tempted military counter-revolution thore, and tho situation Is well In hand, says ndvlces to tho Social Dcmokraten from that city. Fluid Marshal von Hlndenburg, former Commander In Chief of tho German Armlos, has mado a public declaratlpn that ho Is not connected, with tho counter-revolution, of which ho disapproves, says tho Hanover Tagoblnlt. STUTTGART, March 1. Rofusal to ncgotlato with the reactionary fac tion headed by Dr. Wolfgang Kapp. head of the now Government at Ber lin, was decided upon hero last night by tho council ol tho old Cabinet, over which I'resldcnt Ebert presided. Un conditional resignation of tho loaders of Uio new Government was de manded by the Ebert Cabinet, which arrived hero in tho afternoon by a special train from Dresden. Tho Na tional Assembly will meet in this city to-morrow afternoon at i o'clock. Announcement was mado that the Ebert Government Is In contact with almost all points In Germany. DUTCH WARSHIP GUARDS PRINCE. Arrival in the Harbor of Oosterland Harbor, Wieringen Island, Is Reported. TITE 1IAGUK. March 16 A Dutch torpedo boat hu arrived in tho harbor o Oosterland, Wieringen Inland, to guard tho fornifr Herman frown Prince, according to the Nieuwo Uotterdamsche Courant. QUIZ PARSONS ON COLBY. I WASHINGTON. Muri li 16.- Herbert rarsoiis. member of tin- liepubllcun Na- 1 tinnu) (..'ommlltpe. tu-dav wti i, wltm.;, . Vcnn.ldrhisr file nnniinjfinn nt lli.it,- f biidRti Oolb to lx Secretur) of State. ' Tho commltttfe huj not raahed n ri.. cUlou. j .

PRICE TWO CENTS- Refuses to Treat- rapidly as the poup by which tha in many circles It Is believed thp Kapp regimo will attetnpt to plumps tho now German Republic, into civil war, in view of Kbert's refusal to deal with them. It Is tho consensus of opin ion, however, that Ebert will soon win, tho German working classes having shown by thoir response to his call for

a general strike, that they have rio stomach for permitting tho monarch- 'I lsts, Junkers and Pan-Germans to re gain control. EbWfs return to Berlin' with his Ministers is expected shortly. . Ail despatches from tho continent to day indicate that Ebert and Kls ad herents are firm in their demand for an unconditional surrender of Kapp and his followers. ( Mathias Erzberger, former Finance Minister of tho Ebert Government, has been arrested, according to a de spatch to tho Exchange Telegraph Company filed In Berlin Monday ' night. Tho despatch statos an official communlquo has been Issued by the Ebert Government at Htuttgart, de claring: "Tho new rulers aro trying to mako tho people believe the Con stitutional Government has en tered Into negotiations with Dr. Kapp, Gen. Merkcr acting us medlary. This Is untrue. "Tho Constitutional Govern ment refuses to negotiate, being responsible to the peoplo for the maintenance of tho constitution, and negotiations would only occa sion distrust and confusion and would prolong disorders." Tho national strike on the German railways Is set to begin this (Tues day) morning, says a message to tha Exchange Telegraph Company. Tho rallwaymen's officials have declared thomsclvcs in solidarity with tho worklngmcn of the country. Th Rallwuymen's Central Committee) is moving from place to place, fearing nrres.t by officials of tha Kapp gov ernment. i The now Government at Berlin held a Cabinet Council last night wnjcU , was attended by Gen. Ludendorff. former First Quartermaster General of tho Gorman Army, according to a despatch to tho Exchango Telegraph,, KAPP LOSES HOPE, OFFERS TO RESIGN,

SAYS PARIS REPORT. His Military Backers Said to Be Petcrmined to Hold Out to the End. PAULS. Maroh 16. -Tho French Forolgu Oillco recelytd InformattaH to-day-. that. Dr. Kapp, reaUxUar th


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-04-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280635/1920041601/0296.xml ===

ACK TO WORK; EMBARGOES LIFTED TO-MOnnOW'8 WEATHER Celdert probably rain.

H " """" """"" ' I Back i Peace .Basis i will- PlWHBPPM W

jtl hmkmmmMMWMMmmmmefr i ctataauoa nooks 0. to mi." I

VOL. LX. NO. 21,109 DAILY. &""iSt"f'','l" NEW YOKE, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1920.

OVERALLS CLUB FOR SENATE- mmm m armour and swift urn phdpp! put in dbito. mm AS OFFlfflts accused

I rHnnULIn DIlUHUVlM I IU"Url Emergency Crews Work in Charged With Getting Two OrT MHK DCPflDn 1 t Woolworth, Equitable and Prices for Meat of Same - OL I lltW KtuUllU" 1' . . ' . .. . I . Other Big Buildings. Oualitv. I

, CutDoawi Costtf Men's THEuDDRE N. VAIL FEW FORCED TO WALK. JOBBER ALSO IS HELD. I BRING N 38.950

Bankers and Judges Join to Cut Down Cost of Men's I Clothing. WOMEN AID IN FIGHT. University Students, Bank Presidents and Laborers Pledge to Don Denim Suits. BIP-MTNOHAM, Ala.. April 16. The lowly overall to-day supplanted the "plnchbaok" In Birmingham. City Commissioners functioned In denim; Judges applied tho law In the same uniform and tankers, doctors.iawycru and merchants wore- their overalls. The women .had quietly "orgunited" at borne. Toward noon many ap peared In dresses of calico and ging- ham and the variety Of colors gave tfhe downtown section "ho appearance of a carnival. Retail clothier have advertised "bargain sales" in men's wear and lower price marks wero observed in soma of the store' windows. "I would rather jmy 18 for overalls than $60 for d stilt,? said Jtidgo Wil liam B. 'Fort of tho Circuit Court. "This movement Is no Joke. It will bring' dorm the cost of clothing." Senators to Join Clubs. WASHINGTON, April 16. The over Mi revolt may spread to the 'Sonne. Senator Capper, Kansas, raid tho over all movement was a sign of democ racy and public health. "It begins to look bad for tho pr f tecrs," said Capper. "It Is h Mgn of public health when too, people take in to their own hands fn this simple but effective way tho matter of forcing: do.vn the cost of clothing. I predict they will succeed If they will stick to the movement. "Congress could do worse than start a branch of tho clubs. Tho gouging of ' the pebplo by tho clothing and ot icr profiteers has been absolutely Inde fensible, and I sincerely hope tho.over tt'll revolt Is a success." Capper said he would becomo a member of the club if ono were formed in Congress. Senators Mcary, O-o-gon; Gronna, North Dakota; Shop purd, Texas; Kcnyon, Iowa, and IVm- - crcne, Ohio, also said they would join an overall club at tho Capital. Overalls on Broadway To-Day Tho Cheeso Club promises to bring the overall strike to New York to day. As soon ns the members can bo outfitted with tho bluotr drab garb tliev will give a grand rally and parade as an organized demonstration ucalnst tho nisn cost oi inci clothing. The Cheese Club Is composed of dramatic writers, press agents and (Continued on Eighth Page.) Classified Advertisers CLOSING TIME 5.30 P. M.SHARP SATURDAY FOR Th'e SUNDAY WORLD'S Classified Advertisements BRANCH OFFICES CLOSE BEFORE 6 O'CLOCK Positively no Classified Advertise, menu will bo received for The Sunday World after 8.30 P. M. Advertising opy for The Bunda World should be In The World offict ON OR BEFORE FRIDAY PRECEDING PUBLICATION

IN HIS75J YEAR Grew Up With Telephone Business and Became Most Noted Head of System. BALTIMORE, April Theodore J. Vail, former president of the American Telegraph and Telephone Company, died suddenly at 6.52 thin morning In Johns Hopkins Hospital of a, combination of kidney and heart trouble. ' Mrs. Vail was with him when he died, . Mr. Vail had been' at Jekyl Island, off 'the coast of Georgia, for several .months. On tho advlco ot his nhvsl ! ctari'ho carao to Johns Hopkins three days ago. For -a while tie seemed to respond to treatment, but this morn mg grow suddenly worse. He prob ably will be buried Sunday at Perslp- pany, N. J. ie iimo or m.i death ho was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the American Telegraph and Telc- phono Company. Theodore Nowton Vail was born In Carroll County. O., July 16, 1845. the bon of Davis and Phoebo Vall. His (paternal ancestors were English Quakers, some of whom were among the Pilgrims who enmo early to this country and settled In Massachusetts As a boy Mr. Vall uttended the iMorrtstown, N. J., common school und the' Morrlstown Academy. Ho then studied medicine for a while 'but fcave it up to take up telegraphy. In U8G7 ho "bocamo Gonoral Superintend lent of Malls In Washington. Thero ho mot Prof. Alexander Gra. Iham Bell, who was working on the Helophone. Vall soon after ibecomo Itho first general manager of tho orlg' llnal telephone company and even. l.ually becamo the first President o tho American Telegraph and Tele (phono Company. Ho rnnkod as the foremost man in tho world In the telouhono business. In 1869 Mr. Vall married Miss Emma Itlghler, who died In 1904. His second wife, to whom ho was married in 1907, was Miss Mabel It. Anderson. He never had any children. Ho was a mombor of tho Now York Yacht Club, the Union league, tho Arts Club, Now York Athletic Club, Itailroad Club, Lawyors' Club and tho Automobile Club, all or Now York City. "BEAUTIFUL DOLL" LETTERS IN DIVORCE Jeweller 'Accuses His Wife of Being Too Friendly With French High Commission Attaches. lUioul Stnsse, Maiden Lone jeweller to-day appeared before Supreme Court Justice ri.Uzck to press his suit for di vorce against Eugenie Rtassc, who, he alleges in his complaint, was too friendly with two attaches of tho French High Commission while they were In this country. Testimony was that Mrs. Stasie mot Capt. Henri Jlitnnlvurde. one of the FUbordlnate ofllclul.i. anil uccorillns o Miss Georgette iFmitanales, milliner, of No. 77 West 47th Street, deserted him for Kdouard ,Do Lord, member of u wealthy French family. It wa. te.itlflt ; by tho husband that his wlff mrtt"l tor Friinrw lust ye6i Willi De Lui.i, tifter nunnlvurdH dlkoovereil Mrr. Stnsjn's friendship for his superior utid after to had beat her In the millinery establish ment. V. I., Flethbone, jitnrn.n- for th plaintiff, submitted seve ' nt'-r n which Di' ftoid icIm-'. i Mrs. Su..p Ills 'IJeaulHul Flut Doll." Decision ws reserved. iii uui.i-AHa Ainj.'EiisiUAL,3and seti pvw mm wvm tftMMt Mills ri MSIa""" ASSfe

Emergency Crews Work in

Woolworth, Equitable and Other Big Buildings. FEW FORCED TO WALK. Tenants, Stenographers and Clerks, as Volunteers, Balk Plan for Tie-Up. These talented and versatile citi zens, the Great American uusmcss Man and Woman, who break railroad strikes by running locomotives, are also capable of hoisting themselves thirty or forty stories by running an elevator. This iact, plus the service ot war trained wo"mcn who ran the country while the men were In France, plus the Increasing public hostility toward strikes In general, dealt a forceful blow thin morning to tho strike of elevator operators, which went Intq effect at 9 o'clock in all parts of the city, It doos not mean that the strike has been broken, but the situation Is very much less eerious than the strlko leaders said It would be. They nald it would be a "walk up. day" for pretty nearly everybody. It Isn't. Almost everybody Is riding. In some buildings the strikers won. The managers called them In and granted their wage demands. But In a much larger number of cases tho strikers remained out and the ele vators ran Just tho same. One of the places where tho strikers won was the Tower Building, whero the starter said each operator had been granted on Increase effective to- day. Luncheons are ateo to .bo served to the operators, they are to have vacations, and arts to receive two- thirds pay when sick. HUNDREDS OF WOMEN TAKE PLACES OF THE MEN. Thcro had been warning, and therefore hundreds of women had substituted wartime- uniforms for their kitchen aprons and were at at tentlon in the cages within a minute or two after tho men quit. Where there wore no women regu larly Tilred for the job, notably In the Equitable Building, the citizen strike breaker, striking on his own behalf for the right to ride, took things In hand. At noon, In a general statement on the strike situation, Thomas J. Me an 1, President of the operators' union, raid of the Equitable: "It is tied up completely and the doors oro locked." At the same hour an Evening World reporter was In the Eqtiltabl Building. He found that all tho en trances were open and that all the elevators were running. Somo of them were operated by business men who have offices on the upper floors. Thoy volunteered to run tho cars, working In short shifts. Ono man would run a car for on hour or so, then go to his office whllo an other ran the car. Other business men got their clerks or stenographers to run cars. MqGIll reported the Metropolitan Life Building also as "tied up," but tho ele vator starter there said tho forty-five (Continued on Second Page.) SAVES SCHOOL CHILDREN rnlliTinnii Htnim HnnniTnr liars lr l.rniilnu iin .Nei'L. I'ntrolman Kdwurd Byrne of the Clymer Street Ktutlon, Brool.lyn, to duv captured a runawiiy horse attached to a carrluno driven by Morris Raganoff of No. !2 Trinity Avenue, tho Bronx. The horse becume frightened at 1 Avenue nud ttoebllng Street mid dashed towurd Taylor Mireei, in rront of vehonl. llyiuo Juinned for tho horde neek. II caught lh horn.) and diannHl it uwjy fr.im i lie ttHKnln M'huol chililroii hut hoi.", I'oiicema .11,1 mrrluKi' all will onto tin' aide ttnlk. The hoi" lioi uui und run V r.," I'liiiiiiittiidef. ed i) uutoinobde und uk'ulll captured ihft Inline. Scundal" i lb u

Charged With Getting Two

Prices for Meat of Same Quality. JOBBER ALSO HELD. I Grocer Says He Paid $25 a Bag for Sugar and Got Receipt for Smaller Amount. Harry G. MWs, assistant superin tendent of tho (Brooklyn branch of Armour & Co., wai served with a warrant this afternoon by Special AgcnJ Anatol I,. Bodan of the United States Department of Justice, allog Inr a violation oi the Lever Act Bodan 4a a member of the so called Flying Squad of Attorney General Palmer's Department which has been in New YorVtrwo weeks Investigating change ot. proflteerinjr. His acting in the Amour aso was by direction of United Statca 'Attorney Leroy W. Rons. The warrant was Issued by United States Commissioner Edward Henncssy. William Cleary, Brooklyn manager for Swift & Co., Inc., later in the afternoon was served with a num- mons In a similar complaint and notified to appear before Commis sioner MoGoldrick. In deary's case the complaint wua that on April 13 he old frozen fcecf hinds to citaries Grlsmar. of No. 44 IFMth Avenue, Brooklyn, at 51 cents a pound which were identical in quality with some he had sold the eamo man a few days before nt 14 1-3 cents. Bodan, alleges that on April 1 Mills sold Tork loins at thirty-eight cents which were part of a carload from which he made sales on tho previous day at thirty-two cents. Tho retail butcher named In each instance is M. Stoerger, of No. 108 Myrtle Avenue. Stoerger says ho ordered loins on April 9, when tho price was quoted t S3. There was a delay in delivery, ho says, and on April 12 he sent In another order and was informed that the price had gone to 38. Both lots were delivered yesterday, he declares. from the same truck- In tho language of- Bodon's afnl- davlt. Mills "undawfully and Know Insly charged an unfair and un reasonable price for necessary food." Mills was directed by telophono to accept sorvico of tho warrant nna complied Immediately. He was held In $2,500 for examination on April so. Agent True D. Taylor of tho Hy ing Squad this afternoon arrested Samuel Gordon, a Jrbbcr In groceries at No. 20 Tompkins Avenue, Brook' lvn. on a charge of profiteering in sugar. Tho arrest was made on the evidence of Morris and Benjamin Nelson, cousins, who operate a gro eery at No. 79 Third Avenue. Brook lyn. They testified they had pur- ohnnnri trm hajrs of sugar from Gor don at J25 per bag, but had signed a bill for the purchase at 816.90 at Gordon's rcaueat and "In order to Taylor In his complaint says that he accompanied Morris Nelson to nvirdnn's ulace of business to pur chase four bags ot sugar. Gordon was out, adds the complaint, but the transaction was maoo 'Wiin airs lnrdorL at t250 per tOg. Qordon, when arrested to-day, said he had mirchascd all the sugar, in his cs tntbllshmcnt from Artnlcfkle Bros., at 17 cents per pound or thereabouts. GREATEST WOOER HAD 25 WIVES LOS ANQKI.K3. Cal.. April 1C "The world's greatest lovor" was the name police gave to Charles Newton Harvey of Bhclbotiniu, muss., io-uay un ais covery of a list of twenty-five young women, alleged to bo prospective wives for llurvc-y. I'nlli-' Hlm they have evidence show ing that liu wan ulrrady niarued twmty-tlve tiir.ew. Urc In In the county horpltal recoverlni; fiom a sec ond attempt at suicide. Harvey' lou affair, police said, cover Uu world.

REVOLT AMONG 'OUTLAWS'; TRAINS ENOUGH FOR

Students Help Move Staten Island Trains Commuters Man 63 or Long Island. I The volunteer movement of pom- i muter' trains in nearby Jersey ap peared to have got Into Its stride this morning when In the rush hour up to 9.30 o'clock tho Erie and the Lack awanna Itallraads brought In f-.'ty- ine trains with approximately 23,950 passengers. On each train the engineer and the conductors were regulars, .but tho husky in overalls who shovelled' the coal was a young business or pro fessional man bound for an oftloo In Manhattan. Seventy-fivo per cent, of the voluntceru they jolso acted as tra'.nmen or passenger-brokoman wore veterans of the A. li K The Erie brought In twenty-two Indignation Specials; tho Lacku wanna nineteen, with a promise of maybe two or three moro. Ycstcr day en oh road reported' fifteen spe cials. To-day's 38,950 pessengoia compared with 28.600 yesterday and 18,050 on Wednesday. On Staten Island twenty-five stocky ydung men from Stevens Tech nical Institute at Hobokcn helped to jnan threo trains which brought hun dreds of commuters from Tottenvllle and the way stations to the Munic ipal Ferry at St. George. On the Long Island a now develop ment of tho volunteer movement, which did not fall to Impress the "vacationists," was tho announce ment by Traffic Manager Magce at Jamaica, that college men and other volunteers aro being taught tho block system and how to operate switches. Ocnoral Supt. Edward It. Hammer of tho Baltimore and Ohio believes the aid of student volunteers has broken the backbone of tho strike on Staten Island. Ho expects to reopen the North Bhore line not later than Monday. Tho biggest volunteer record of the day was reported on tho Long Island Itailroad, whero commutors acted oe firemen on sixty-three trains started from eastern points to the junction at Jamaica. There were two voluntoir firemen to each ot tho sixty-three en gines. MANY GIRLS' NAME3 ON LONG ISLAND LIST. Even tho young women on Long Island have caught the volunteer spirit and aro offering to help their fellow citizens In any way poslblc. Two of to-day's volunteers wero Miss Daisy Norton and Miss Katherlno Lochrcy and there was somo talk of their donning overalls and helping to man the dummy engines in tho yard at Hollls. At a late hour nothing had come of It. The Long Island Itailroad has tho names of many girls on its emergency list und may have to call some of them. Tho Long Island's big question to day was what to do about delivering to farmers along the eautcrn end of tho Islasd the 40 cars of seed pota toes It received for them last night from the Now Haven. Potatoes uro tho principal product of Long Island farms und tho tlmo for pluming Is horf. The llrst uctlvlly In Iong Islund freight yards wus sten to-duy when, (Continued on Second Page.) mkn'h M'rr tin Torrovr. usi.o.-,. ITi. "IIUW' Ckithlfts ''mflr. llnntv&jr, ucrr lltMir 8lrii Wwj ort'.i IliiiMlui). U iflt to-cl.y "oi 'i.UO pi-mi' tad 7ia.2 -un' 9iirifi MUitB uitd 'lot.-uu la j!u... lro , iiun. tr Uu( tituiuraii .mil cr .-!'. b-&y-d f.rm firiiiii m.tar i!jr, .luU ui ,i . pku, mr Utnt u.uW m mrUi. Our y.i price ta io-4r awt KiW.tr. tJIM. OMlu .1 tAi.il. la tuludo aj: UU .0. tioli UUrifll ttl. IsklUh tf. Pefclii .JJll.

Kntfrrd Bfea4-Clase Matter l-eat Ofllct, Mew Ter, J T.

FOLLOWED BY RUSH In Heart .of Strike Movement Roads Are Beginning to Move Freight. 1 CHICAGO, April 16. Speedy disin tegration of "outlaw" railroad strikes In the Central and Far West was for cast to-day with the serious blow struck by the Government at the In surgents' Rtronghold in Chicago by the nrrest of twenty-five strike lead ers. . .. i . Tho arrest ,of .the Coleago,iJeaer. who are at lfterty to'-dundel)Wds or iip.ooo or arranging for ball, "wl'.r. promises to refrain from participation In strike activities pending hearing ot charges of violation of the -Lever Food Control Act, left tho local "outlaws" ieiiderlcss. Ktro other lrndora will sur render to-day. Tho arrested leaders, Including John Grunau, organizer of tho Chicago Yardmen's Association, and Harold K. Heading. President of the United En glnemen's Association, denied a fltrtln exlstod In vlolatlpn of the Lever Act, They said they simply "resigned" bo- causo thoy, could not live on existing wages. Somo leaders declared they had "Jus; begun to fight," but a meeting will bo held to-day to determine the Innurjent organizations' attitude toward the Gov ernment's ultimatum that Interference with shipment!) of food and other necessities must stop. In "Chicago 850 swltchmon have re turned to work, and a continued Im provement Is reported In traffic con ditions. Htocl mills at Gary, Ind.. where 10,000 workers havo been (die, aro preparing to resume operations to day. BOSTON, Aprit 10. The arrival of moro freight, Including coal, created marked Improvement to-day, lro- poscd drastic cubs In passenger sched ules and a general Industrial shut down aro believed to have been averted. BUFFALO, N. Y April 16.' Through tho efforts of Frank T. llawloy, Commissioner of Concilia lion of the Department of Labor, It Is beltovod to-day the "outlaw" switch men's strlko hero will bo broken In a short time. More freight was moved In the yards hero In the last thirty-six hours than on any day since tho strike began, PITTSBURGH, April 16. Move ment of castbound trains on the 1'cnn sylvanla Railroad at Pltcalrn yards Is bolleve.d by officials to-day to bo the "beginning of the end" of the strike hero of railroad workers. Passenger service on the Pennsylvania Is normal. Tho Baltimore und Ohio was operating at 95 per cent, and tho Pittsburgh and Lake Erie showed Improvement. KLMlUA. N. V., April 16. Tho .strike of tho Lehigh Valley switch- jnon at tUyro, Pa., a division turmlnal of the road, ended to-day when AWltchlng crews returned to work. Thoy were reinstated. Moro men aro Axnoctod to return during tho duy CORNING. N. Y.. April 16. All yardmen employed hero by the New .York Centra! returned to their work to-day unconditionally. MEXICO ASKS U. S. TO PASS TROOPS WASH1NOTOM, April 1 Mek h" asked permission from United States tc niov) troops tlirouxh Amerlonn lerrltcy to as to attack tho 8lute of Honoro from the 110111. No tiett.n.o'i the !eii.-sf has yet oemi lllk'll. 11IK tlillil.K I KAMI). IH,ltK D. . 1 t'a.i m IWurKlf utuauiu, .J r.l rwi V tin. iiei4.i cuts icm tor i;fl I ant un

OF MEN 10 WORK

to All," 32 PAGES. B

Pennsylvania Service 95 Per Cent3fi

Normal, Long Island Nearly Same U

and One Staten Island Line OperH Jersey Central Refuses to Take Back Agitators.

Within twenty minutes after the

of tiie daily meeting of striking trainmen and switchmen at Grand View

Hall, Jersey City, this afternoon, there

on reluming to work. The Chairman and his lieutenants prevented

the putting of the vote on the ground had not yet registered a promise to claims. v

"That's what It Is to-day," slhouted men from the floor. "Yoteiv day it was 'Watt until the Senate confirms them.' What will jrou waht us to wait for to-morrow?!' . ,

" Mttiir -rvnr n A MniT J.1 C rv -1 trb unyn r HAS FAMILY'ALONG ON HOLD-UP JOB Proud Papa Not Disturbed When Daby -Squalls While Wife Lifts Victim's Roll; SAN FJtANCisCO, April ,14. HOGAN H.AMMEN, shipyard . worker, waa confronted . last night by a man who alighted from an automobile and leveled a revolver at '-him. Then a woman stepped out and ex tracted $175 and a gold watch from his pockets. Whllo tho holdup was In prog ress a baby begun crying In the auto, "I remarked to him, 'You must have the family along to-night," aserted Hemmen, "but he got mad, told me to 'shut up,' and then drove away." BANDITS GET $5,000 NEAR THE POLICE Seize Payroll From Cashier of Printing Company in West 37th Street. As tho cashier or the Atlantic Litho graphing and Printing Company at No. 438, West 37th Street, two doors from the West 37th Street Police station, was entering the building to-day with a satchel containing more than 13,000 In ono hand and the other clasping a re volver In his pocket ho was seized by two men. Ono of them held his right' arm and wrested the revolver from him. The other wrenched the bag from his hand. Then both struck him, knocking him sprawling along the hall and ran out to tho street. They were not In sight vvhon he got to his feet and went to the door. The. money was to meet the company's weekly payroll. H. M'CORMICK JR. FINED $30. I'lroiU (JillHy (a Speeding, tut Io Two Oilier Mnurntii I'mld :!( Raeh. Harold McConnlck Jr.. twenty-out years old, a Princeton University student and son of the president of tho Internatlonsl Harvester Company, waa fined 130 in Traffic Court to-duy after he pleaded guilty to speeding an automobile In Lafayette street April 10. Miles H. Vernon, twenty years old, u Princeton student, and Benjamin Tracey Daugert, nineteen yean old, a student, of No. l!t Kiist S6th .Street, son ot .1 Wall Street banker, also pleaded guilty to speeding and wer lined S JO each. I Abandon Anderson laaulry. ALBANY. N. Tj. April IC There will bo no leglslathe Investigation of the Atitl-Haloon League or proceeding against William II. Anderson this year, ,t was decided at the meeting of the Assembly Judiciary Committee to-day. UOlt(.l) ItDST.tCltANT. Siv.-ul tw tiwiu. tlrUol. Jlil lb. 1140: BroucJ mvu.wv mihv., w.t... ...IN. v. aamu "Ui, i-ratu iiiai iouuw, iuci atiute la1 (JM4 UV I lUafloc, WetUB.

r -r convening of the afternoon sesslonf was a noisy demand for a vote thlt the Federal Adjustment Board . give priority to the nfrrpad men's . Groupa of ten, thirty and fifty Ct! tho hU. The lead era left the stet

foria-JLnd folkrired titea' otttlvkf - ,

street,,, "There were loud, "rtoJep' -argumentfl wblA rsded- DM rroups toardetj trolley oars: boussl ' downtown toward tho oSeea of ttia railroada. Many of,, thoaa wfca left the mMtlne wom n&rtei of thm tini-'-'

forms ot thq Hudson aad Jahf Uspf company. , - hey were Intercoptad by reporters, who asked if the men who deserted, the meeting wore going back, to work. "Yon," said one of the) croup of .leaders, "that's what thoy are doinfir the damned fools!" Tho general collapse of the rutUw- strlko was shown to-klay by tbo Im proved conditions in operation of ail ' the railroads In and about Now York, following closely the Indications re ported in Tli e Evening World yes terday afternoon. Home of the notable signs of im provement were: The resumption of outjrolng and In- coming general freight service by tho New York Central and West Shoro lines In addition to Increased receipts of tcef and garden produce: the lift ' Ing ot all ombargoca on West Shoio freight and the west bound embargo on Now York Control freight, as well as on transfers to the Boston and Al- - bany; the return early In the day ot 7 out of 97 striking trainmen of the I Lackawanna suburban service: tho - resumption of switching In the Erie . freight yards and tho restoration of 90 per cent- of Pennsylvania passen ger traffic to regular time t&blo schedules, with a partial restoration of freight schedules. Othor features were the restoratfon; of full service on tho BU Georgo-TotT , tcnvlilo division of the Staten Island Ilapld Transit Company; the resump- , lion of switching In the Harlem ter minal of the Now York and Now Havon, with a resumption of traffta on tho Harlem Division and the re- ', sumption of schedufe service on the Long Island steam lines to Oyster Bay and Wading IUver, with a nearly comploto service on other lines; the resumption of full service with re- turned employees by the Central Hal!- road of New Jersey and some move- : mont of freight. Set off against these (rains for the progress of publlo business was the continued suspension of publlo service,'1 on the Hudson and Manhattan tube ' lines, though a complete .service ot empty trains for instruction purpose! has been running for a week. Tho engineers of the Lackawanna were' reported measy because of criticism . aRtilnst them by strikers for working with non-union volunteers and ob tained a conference with President Truesdalo on the subject. There wero desertions ot women, clerks and some helpers In the freight offices of the West Bhore. The agitators who have been tryinT to keep the strikers away from their Jobs did their best to make caitnl by criticising tho ultimatum Ismi 1 nut night by tho Committee of ir'u road Managers fixing noon Sund-.j the limit within which former m. ployees might apply for reuiatattm t without loss of seniority, X great majority ot the uuU;v.j,

4 ! ! 1


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-04-16, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280635/1920041601/0298.xml ===

THE EVENING WORLD, FB ID AY, APRIL 16, 192ti. ft OVERALLS CLUBS ALREADY FORCE DOWN PRICE OF CLOTHE&

IT Evening World's Suggestion for the Relief of Taxpay ers Indorsed. SENATE TO O. K. IT. While Ten Years Are Allowed, Plans Are Under Way for Quick Action. By Martin Green. (Special Staff Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON, Ap'rU 16. Acree mi,nt by tho 'conference called by 'halrman Benson of the Shipping Board that tho 1.J9T mercantile nhips completed or under construc tion, owned by tho Government should be sola, 'Which agreement will cventu ally be extended to take In the for mer German passenger and freight ships seized by tho United States as rar prizes, amounts to full Indorse ment of Tho Evenlntr World's con tention that the Shipping Board's properties of alt .kinds should bo sold as soon as possible and the proceeds turned 'nto tho Treasury toward the reduction of taxes. The whole Evening World plan has virtually been adopted so far as tho Shipping Board and its mercantile advisers are con cerned. The Senate will indorse the Shipping Board conference recommendations with changes. The Evening World has pointed out that the thing to do with the Shipping Board ships and yards and materials is to turn them into an asset with the least pos. siblo delay. As pointed out In these columns three weeks ago, tho Senate Sub committee, while It Is agreed upon tho proposal to sell the Shipping Hoard properties, has ' not fully grasped the advantage of quick ac. fion. The report to bo made to tho .Senate through tho full Committee on Commerce- docs not advocate vig orous action. It would provide that the process of selling the ships and Sards and other properties ,ot tho Shipping Board bo. extended over a period of ten years. , Probably tho strongest reason which prompted the sub-commltteo to this drawn out programme was the conviction of tho members, based upon testimony taken In hearings by Hi.' full committee, ;'iat :t will be all but Impossible for Americans desirous of engaging In tho shipbuilding and ship operating business to obtain In less than ten years the capital neces sary to absorb an industry which has coat tho peoplo of this country aiore than J3.000.000.000. When the report Is submitted to he Senate it will be fourd that there h a moro optimistic spin: In that oudy concerning the prj.-.pects of en listing capital. Several Senators, foreseeing (Continued on Twenty-fourth Page.) HEALY, PAROLED; CALLS ARREST JOKE Restaurant Man Says He Had Per mits to Use Rum and Sherry. Thomas Ilcaly, restaurant keeper, v. us arraigned to-day before United States Commissioner Hitchcock, charged with maintaining a nuisance as defined by tho Volstead act. He was paroled in the custody of h)p counsel. Tho Indictment, which thni;us Ilealy with having In hip liqp.islon Intoxicating liiiuqrs, was i turned yesterday by the Federal Cirand Jury. , Peter Gialottl, already under In dictment charged with maintaining u disorderly house, was also Indicted by tho Federal Grand Jury. "I am not worried," said Mr. Hcaly to-day. 'In fact It is moro in tho naturo of a Joke. I have a permit to use rum for rum omelets and a withdrawal permit for sherry. That Is used for lobster a la Kcwburgh, not any of which can bo served In my restaurant to-night as tho shorry has been seized. One Federal De partment seems to bo working against another." BOOZE FROM PHILADELPHIA Trncltnirn Itrport Cnrpro Ilrmmht Here and UlitrilMlteU To-Day. A Urge automobile truck from Phila delphia arrived early to-day and met several smaller motor trucks at West and Greenwich Streets, Manhattan, to which a cargo of whiskey was distrib uted, according to a statement the po lice of Bridge Plaza Station, Brooklyn, said they had obtained from JIarry Perlmuttr of No. 1443 Park Avenueu, Manhattan, and Philip Qrobln, No. 231 Kast 118th Street, Manhattan. The men were arrested for running past a stalled trolley and a police In vestigation revealed soma liquor In bar rels In the truck box, It was said.

E E Differences Between Justice and Labor Departments Will Be Fully Aired. By David Lawrence. (Special Correspondent of The Eve ning World.) WASHINGTON, April 16 (Copy right, 1920). Conflict foetween tho Department of Labor and tho De partment of Jutlce as to tho proper course to be pursued In deporting "radicals" ami "comnvtnlsts" has raised Rome fundamental questions which may revive the whole matter of the justice or injustice of whole sale raids against "Reds" and the ef? forts of tho Government to combat radicalism. The movement In Congress to In quire Into tho supposed friendliness of Louis K. 'Post, Assistant Secretary of Labor, to aliens by cancelling war rants against them Issued by the De partment of Justice Is by no means political or partisan. There are Democrats' as well ns Republicans who are up in arms about It, but it is unlikely that Impeachment proceed Ipgs will bo begun. The action of Representative 'MondeJl, Republican floor leader, in asking Representative Koch, Republican, to withdraw his resolution for Impeachment was due to a defire to follow an orderly pro cedure through the Rules Committee Instead of being subjected to tho danger of elimination on a point of order In tho House Itself, THOROUGH INVESTIGATION BY HOUSE COMMITTEE EXPECTED. Out of It Impeachment proceedings are not probable, but a thorough In vestigation by a committee of Con tress, with an opportunity for Assis tant Secretary lost to express bis viewpoint Is contemplated. Tho facts nro not doubted, but the viewpoint or attltudo toward aliens, which the rather Jlbcral minded Department of l-abor takes as opposed to tho moro or less conservative ideas of the De partment of Justice has developed an interesting controversy. In the opinion of Democrats as well as Republicans something Is wrong. A mistake has been made somewhere. For Instance, out of 1,448 cases handled by the Department of Labor 332 have been found to be within tho meaning of Uio Deportation Laws. Fully 1,053 cases have boen can celled and slx.ty-tb.rco have been de ferred for further study or considera tion. The conclusion wUloh baa been reached by members of Congress Is that either the Department of Justice Hius 'been overzealous In arresting Innocent people and subjecting them and their families to hardships or else Uic Department of Labor has been over friendly to tho aliens and con strued the law In such a way as to nullify its enforcement. The attitude of tho Department of (Labor, as expressed by Aoslstant Bec tetary Post, Is described in the case of rriiomas Ilusa, which has juot Ibecn Uecklcd In the latter's favor, because he was not deemed to have become h mwnber of the Communist Party, al though ho had permitted his name to bo signed to an application before he was awaro of its purposes. Says Mr. post: "Under the law, aliens must bo deported If. they are members of or affiliated with the Communist Party of America If this clause be construed as meaning that aliens who havo once technically hoc am o members of the Commun ist Party must be deported even though they .havo no guilty know ledge or that the principle of once a member nlways a mom I iber applies, it intght be ipossible to fpcdl out of tho circumstances In the case a membership for which deportation would be man datory. POSTS IDEA OF, THE INTENT OF THE ALIEN LAW. "Having applied for membership before the proscribed organization was born and withdrawn before Its constitution was brought even Ierfunctonly to his attention, this nllcn would eeem to a (fair American mind to lack tho reuuiMtua even of technical mem bership. If, however, the requisites of technical membership wero all present nevertheless the. Con gress of the United States Should not hastily bo presumed to have intended that resident aliens too arrested and deported aa members of an unlawful organisation when all tlie circumstance! Know tho alien himself to bare been lnno- (Continued on Fifteenth Page.)

BY FAKE LEASE, I Bronx Justice Says He Was Deceived Sends Case to Prosecutor. Justlco Itobltzek In tho First, DIs. trict Municipal Court In the Bronx to-day settled a number of rent cases on a compromise of 0 to S3 per cent, lncreaso over last year's rent. The cose of Solomon Ljpschlts against Mrs. John Barrett, who oc cupies an apartment at No. 914 Kast lC7th (Street, was referred to the Dis trict Attorney. Justlco Ilobltzek de clared the man who In reality Is Jan itor of the apartment posed as the lessee and tried to put' Mrs, Barrett out so he could get In a tenant at moro money. He was charged with, deceiving the court. Justlco Hobltzok Bald he would reopen similar cases In which adverse decisions had been given tenants. Ten cases In tho Second District were settled on a 20 to 25 per cent, lncreaso over last year's rent. Justlco Prince In the Eighth District Court cleared his calendar of seventy five cases. In two cases he .ordered tenants to either pay their rents or get out. Ho said it appeared they wero taking advantage of trivial advances in rent to force costly repairs. Most of the cases were settled by compro mise. Ten tenants of a house at No. 21U F.ust 112th Street wore urralgned on complaint of William Dworzln, agent for the property, who said they re fused io pay their rent. The dofenso offered by James D. O'Sulllvan of tho Mayor's Committee on Rent Profi teering was that tho building needs repairs und that tenants have not been supplied -with sufficient hot wa ter. Thdr lenses expire May 13. Tho Justice said it appeared, that the ten ants were holding the complaint against the landlord to force him to renew their leases. Tney were ord ered to pay the rent by Monday or get out. Joseph Marone, owner of houses at No. 2282 First Avenue, was the com plainant against t .lvo tenants who refuted to pay their rent because It had .been advanced S6 a month. City Marshal I.azarus told Justlco Prince

Food Distribution Problems Do Not Affect National Biscuit Company

K. C. CANDY GIRL GOING TO TEXAS TO WED SOLDIER

Reception in New York Harbor Leads to Marriage of Texas Sergeant. A romance which began when Miss Mable Lester tossed chocolate bars and cigarettes aboard tho transport Leviathan from the deck of a 1C of C. reception boat last summer, will culminate when Miss Lester, whose homo Is at No. E62 Humboldt Street, Greenpolnt section, Brooklyn, arrives in Sherman. Tex. The former "Casey4' worker will leave New York Sunday for that city, where she will become the bride of Horton Webb, formerly a Sergeant In the A. E. F. and now in the automobile business. To-morrow Miss Lester will give a luncheon and theatre party to her as sociates at tho K. of C. offices, at No. 105 West 40th Street Marone had not raised his rents for fourteen years and that he was asking an Increase because he was losing money on his properties. Jus tlco Prince advised Marone to prepano an itemized bill of his expenses and Income and assured htm If this shows he is losing money or not getting a fair return he will give him authority to increase his rents. Abraham Wolf, a tenant of No. 7 East 117th Street, complained that Mrs.. Bertha Levy raised his rent from 128 to 134. Justice Prince llxed tho rent at H9. Mrs. Levy refused to take tho rent the tenant offered her and left tho court.

Ncrr York Plant oi National Biscuit Company

OUR distribution facilities are our own. Fresh biscuit of all kinds are delivered to all points of the city daily. Our New York bakery the greatest in the world right in the heart of the city, affords prompt deliveries to the grocers. So, don't worry about the food supply, with a full line of National Biscuit Company products at your grocer's, awaiting your instant call : Plain biscuit, fancy biscuit, biscuit made with milk, eggs, jellies, jams, peanuts and other nuts, and the finest of flour and spices. Enough to go 'round for everybody. Place your biscuit order now. Your grocer is co-operating in keeping you amply supplied. NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

BUI'S BILL TO KILL RENT WW

Measure to Favor Landlords Is Unexpectedly Introduced Into the Senate. By Joseph !& forktn. (Qpeolal staff Corri fjond&t of The Evsnlng World,) $ ALBANY, N. Y., April ii-TM bUI Introduced by Senator A. W. Bur llngume of 'Brooklyn, lato yesterday afternoon, Under(the gitlse of afford ing more housing faoVHUos, and which, according to Senator C. C. Lock-wood, Chairman of the Housing Committee wblcJi put Uirougb, two weeks ago, tho anti-rent gouging bills, nullifies the now rent lawn under which tenants and landlords are now operating, will come up to day for aotton in the Senate. The BurHngamo bill was thrown Into tiho Senato late In the afternoon Uko a bolt from the blue. It nvigtot not bavo been a mu-prise to Majority Leader J. llonry Walters, who wna quite willing to lot it go through, but it was a now one on Minority Leader James J. Walker, and also to Chair man Lockwood of the Housing Com mittee. Both Immediately protested against Its admission to third read ing and being rushed through tihe Senate. Tho bill exempts from tho ront laws of 1920 houses upon which alterations may be made, and also exempts land lords from tho 25 per cent, lncreaso limit wno nave not raised their rents ror at loosl two years. On the face of It the bill to tho lay man looks as Innocent as a baby's smile. But under Its provisions all a landlord would havo to do would be to mako the slightest alteration In his flat or apartment houso and the tenants would bo again at his mercy, helpless to benefit by the recently made arrtl-profiteering laws. Senator Lockwood, after a perusal of tho proposed measure, said to day: "The erfeOt of the Housing Bill Introduced yesterday would bo to nullify tho bills passed several weeks ago, which seem to be giving gen eral satisfaction. "Under Its provision the rent spec ulators could readily ovodo tho law. It requires four months' notice of ln creaso; If tho tonnnit docs not accept In thirty days otit bo goes at the end of his lease. It takes away tho pro tection of the now laws and .leaves tenants at the mercy of the wort type of rent profiteers. "Where a lease was. or Is, for two years or more, the 25 per ootrt. ln creaso law docs not apply In other 1 trtff '1111 Hi ...tafa, Jj-flgagA

words an Increase In nuoh a case must bo paid or tho tenant must mote." When Senator Burllngams was aeked this morning at whose request he Introduced tho bill, be omlHn1y said that It was lib own measure; that be framed It and fathered it. "It Is a good bin," ho added. "It provides that whero a man files plans with tlie Building Department and has made a contract for alterations which means an lncreaso of housing facili ties, bo shall be exempted from the retjt laws of MS0. It also provide-! that where a man has not Increased hl rent for two years, by virtue of having had a lease for that Umo or for a loneor period, the 23 per cent, lncreaso limit shall not apply. "If because a man has had a lease on his property he nas not boon able to raise ills rent while others have In creased thoira in some Instances 100 per cent.. Is It right that that man should be debarred from getting at least an much money as the man who has been profiteering for all that time? This Is what the 23 per cent, incroaso does for tho man who has not profiteered, whllo It pormlts the man who has made 100 per cent, to rnko In 25 per cont. more." The "ripper" bill explains the con duct of tho Senator from Brooklyn In absenting himself from the 8enate on Wednesday and refraining from vot ing on The Evening Workl Milk Bills.

IThat he hnd the bill up his sleovo and was guaranieea tno am or Majority Leader Walters In railroading It through tho Senate Is tho explanation of his conduct. Senator Burllngnme voted to tnke tnc bill Derm It njr New York to mir, chaso tho StrauM past curl ring plant from the Committee on Agriculture, but he didn't vote for It untlt he round that his voto was not needed. Evidently this was by agreement with tho majority loader to give tho Senator from Brooklyn n showing with the folks nt home. If his voto had been needed to keep the bill in tho committee, whero It would die, In all probability, he would have boen obliged by 'Walters to voto In the neg ative. His voto made tho twenty ninth recorded In tho arrirmatlvo and only twenty-sixth votes wero neces sary to got tho measure out of the committee. When It came to voting for final passage of the bill Senator Ilurlln gomo was gono. Ho was tho only absentee from Uio Senate nnd al though tho House was working under a close call IiIh presence was not demanded. Owing to tho non-action or tno sennto leaders, Mr. Burllngame won tno supitort or his party loader on a bill to nullify tho antl-rent goug ing laws, which were panned otvic- dally In tho Interests of tho city ho represents, ny standing in with tho leader to kill a bill the Importance or wnicn is greater to Now York City than to auy othor city In tho mate. KnrlBlit j'romolfi Srrrn Policemen .Police Commissioner Knrlght toduy promoted the following: Lieut. John Quirk of the Amity Street nollco ta tion. Brooklyn, to bo Captain; Sergeants Harry Lobdell and Patrick Crann to be lieutenants, and William II. Noll, John T. Collins. Frank N. Miller and John J. Mortlno to be sergeants. The men nave not yci oeen assigned, ll-inni

NO TERMS TO MEN

Officers of United Declare Longshoremen Returned on Same Condition as Before. The announcement made by the ofllcers ot the International Long shoremen's Union that tho United Fruit Company had granted their de mands and that the pier strike had been settled, to-day brought a prompt denial from the fruit com pany's offices. "That la contrary to the facts," said William tNcwnomc, Vice Presi dent of tho United Fruit Company, at Pier 17 Battery Place, to-day. "We haw no closed shop. On Pier IE, East Illver, we have 700 or S00 men at work. The men who went out on strlko aro not being taken back. Tho pier Is an open shop, but wo pay union wages. "On Pier 9. North River, and Iter H, East ntver," he said, "we have taken

J3eHer Chocolates- or a bower Prtce CANDIES

Peanut Brittle There's Just one thing to mako the glory of theio brisk days com pleteand that's this vry rellshable brittle with Its golden sugar and mounai srr 29c

Creamed Filberts A real springtime candy hill ot the delicate flav or of vanilla and choco late, while the centre Is a larne. pulpy, care fully selected Albert. A confection to warm tho OQ cockles uV of your Pound Box

Virginia Pound Box peanuts. Nit Wslphl heart. A , r I Unnil Cnke

43 1 nrattilwar At Cuul BL 0X1 nreartwitr At Sprint Bu 040 llroadwnr AtDlMcxnBU T4!l BrMdwor Al Ajlor it 1440 IS remit mur At bt su XOOS Broadway At 4Kh St. 130 Maano St. imtinm Ana.

And they sure do taste neaveniyi Aiier u wi first nlbblo you'll know tho why of tho name. Such nutsl And honey! And oocoamitl And to boot a blan ket of Mil- 4-Qf lers supreme Milk Cboco- Pound Box Intel Net Weight

A M M l TI P U 5(ampcdbrtQShoeMcalu Standard ofhlrnt

WALKING PUMPS h.t We are the sponsors of the mode of Military, Heel Pumps that have style, elegance and comfort. i The serpentine design is executed with that artistic and original touch so characteristic of all Cammeyer creations.

Tiifinut Silk HL fbrmerfu oT

JL 047 tigmnAve. x wear 40.01. Men's and Young Men's Suits and Topcoats Out of the high rent section yet right in the hcurt of New York. We have no expensive buying organization us every garment is personally se lected. You arc therefore assured of real clothes quality as well as a saving that's mighty important these days. Prices 40.00 Upward.

back the longshoremen wno went, on

strike, but we hate not taken ba the pier clerks who went out In aynii path? with the longshoremen. longshoremen came bock under actly the some conditions und Which they went out. receiving nri tn'i crease In waxes, and not accomrillihi 'i lng the unionising of pier clerks,' , mo umto VI. lliu fiUI JUVCr'UuB It was also denied that a strike setwl tlemcnt had been made, and clerks

una . cnecHers wno went out on at, J

sympathy strike are still onU At headquarters of District No. 15,' International Association of Maohtn ists, No. 110 Nassau Street, E, J Deerlng, Business Agent, to-day'

denied that the 40,000 machinists lai" New York Olty are rotag oufon aJ strike. So far as he knowr, .he said, no plans for a machinist strlkir ar .

being considered. - . . '"l

"And," aid Jimmy to tho waiter, "some toasted crackers and An'cre Cheese."; I smiled, because 1 knew ho know, too. HARPLESS. PHILADELPHIA Assorted Chocolates If you can nlcture slices of sun-ripe or chard fruits and vision the drip drip of clear, fresh Juices then you'll unoiurca these coats of Milk Chocolate. creams In 44c Pound Box Ntt Wslpht Net Weight Milk Chocolate Maraschino Cherries Tho flavor of foil-blown cherries Is preserved In these great, red fruits. Furthermore there Js a soft bed of cream and then a final C covering of 0vC velvety AtH p0UBd Box Chocolate. Nst Weloht 10 . - ; ..'J irsrj vt Hut lwaj$ JltptttiJ J VdncJ Brar. ' W "1,1 .


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-05-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280635/1920051501/0952.xml ===

AFTER HE GIVES UP

io Joe oure or uemng The Evening World, Order in Advance of

Your Newsdealer VOL. LX. NO. 21,434

IS THIS PROFITEERING? j

NET PROFITS 467 PER CENT. IN SEVEN YEARS IS RECORD OE STANDARD OIL OE INDIANA

Controls Motor Fuel and Passes War Taxes Along to the Consumer. LEADS ALL' "SOCOS" But Others in Middle West Are Piling Up Huge Surplus for Melon Cutting. By Martin Green. The Middle Vt and the North west ore big and breezy and spec tacular: it Is fitting that the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, which dominates tha gasoline, kerosene and oil products market In that territory, should bj, big and breezy and- spec- Itocular Ab u ftnalchcr of profits It Is the star per- I former of the jroup. Its earn- !lng are almost unbelievable. It Is tho lead ing producer of the world In motor ATTORNEY GENERAL PALMER. Kiel, the output from Ita Ave refin eries reaching i total of 1.S00.000 gal lons a day, Tho Standard Oil Com pany of Indiana produces and sells about 25 per cent, of the total gaso line output of tho country. DECLARED A DIVIDEND OF 2.913 PER CENT. Back In 1912, after the Kcdoral au thorities liad broken up tho Standard Oil monopoly for the purpose of pro moting competition and reducing tho price of oil products, the Standard Oil .Company of Indiana declared a regular dividend of 6 per cent and an extra dividend of 2,907 per cent. Of this regular and extra dividend 13 per cent was paid In cash and 3,900 per cent In stocky To make it plainer, tho down trodden shareholders in the Standard Oil Company oflndl-. ana, forcad by a cruel Govern ment to cut lose from the Stand ard Oil monopoly and go it alone, received, in 1912, $13 in cash and $2,900 in stock for each (100 worth of old stock they held. Tho outstanding capital stock of the company Is J30.000.000. In the seven years 1913-1919 Inclusive this corpora tion has earned profits available for dividends amounting to $140,801,211, rnoro than four and one-half times the capital stock. Tho avcrago earn ings available for dividends per year (Continued on Second Page.) Classified Advertisers CLOSING TIME 5.3& P. M. SHARP SATURDAY FOR The SUNDAY WORLD'S Classified Advertisements BRANCH OFFICES CLOSE BEFORE 5 O'CLOCK Positively no Classified Advertise, ments will ba received for The Sunday World after 5.30 P. M. Advertising copy for The Sunday World should be tn The World office ON OR BEFORE FRIDAY PRECEDING PUBLICATION

Oil-Ill IO OLILLU ui u- o. iimiiu

Fair. 1 I I :: DAILY. CoprriH. 10SO, Ca. (Tha MARSHALL IS SURE IBIT Says Instead of Acting as In dependents, Members Tried to Please Voters. By David Lawrence. (Spcolal Correspondent of The Evening World.) WASHINGTON, May 16 (Copyright, 1920). Vice President Marshall has presided over the Senate of the United States for seven years and can there fore' be erpected to know, whereof-he. speaks when h'o nays that if PxohlDl tlon had been submitted to ajiecret voto It would not have gotten twenty votes In the Senate. The 'writer asked the Vice Presi dent to amplify! his statement, which was originally made before the Vir ginia Bar Association. "I want it to be understood at the outset," said the Vice President, "that I believe In the enforcement of the constitutional amendment on Pro hibition. It Is here and Is the law and should be enforced. Out I be lieve that If the. amendment had been voted upon according to tho Indi vidual conviction of members of the Senate It would not have gotten twenty votes. "Now, I am not Imputing motives tn anybody. I have never seen any representatives of the brewers or the Anti-Saloon League In and around Congress, and I wouldn't know them If they were there. I bellevo that the men who voted for Prohibition and for Woman Suffrage, for Instance, thought the people a majority of their constituents wanted these amendments passed. But that Isn't my theory of representative govern ment. ADVICE SHOULD COME FROM THE LAWYER8." "As I told the lawyers at Rich mond, tho people of this country didn't Intend, In my Judgment, that their representatives should be guided by thoir constituents, but that elected representatives should act for them. I don't think when people hlro a lawyer that they should ask him to do what they want Ad vice should not come from the client to; the lawyer, but from the lawyer to tho client. If the client does not like tho advice, ho can get another lawyer. "That's the samo with rcpresenta- (Continued on Seoond Page.) FRENCH WOMAN DIES AS SPY Kxrcutrd Willi Three Men tor De trarliiir Countrymen tn German. I'AHIH, May IS, Three men and ono woman, convicted last July of denouncing compatriots to German authorities during the occupation of Laon during tho war, were executed at Vlncenncs Prison this morning. Those who met death were Toque, lemolne, Herbert and Madame Au bcrt. Of twenty-eight persons tried last summer as "Laon Informers." elclit ; two of whom were women were condemned to deuth. Threo failed to appeal for trial and were sen tenced to death by default; 6,1 even received prison sentences ranging from one tp twenty yearsK and six were acquitted. WOULD HKSTAPnANT, Srwclll lot lo-tl.J, suunU, Mix IB, JOiOl Ro&U VlrflnU bus, fn! wrt (uUtoe, AOs; mml trtf and Hj 4'Vjl 'aMa d'hota Ai&BW, Kta. UU (HU WosIA iullolnj. JUrt,

u Circulation Books Open to All."

by The Freae rnbtltblBf New York World).

Nicky Arnstein--Note His Bored Look-and FannieBrice Waiting in Swann 9s Office for Some One to Show Up (SpecL'llv Photographed for The Evening World by a Staff Photographer.)

i mmzmmmmMMmdMMmmmsmammm i uv am a Kin cmd rut

T OF REBELS' TRAP, Reports That Deposed Mexi can President is Moving South With Small Force. WASHINGTON. May 15. Car ranza's escape from tho revolution ary forces which attaoked his troopH near Eapcranza was reported to-day by Gen. Obrcgon. I Obrlgon said the deposed Presi dent, accompanied by a small escort, was moving southward Into the mountains. VHBA CRUZ, May 15 (Associated Press). lresldent VenuHtlano Car- riinzn.. whn with loval followers lir.s been fighting a grim battle against revolutionary foref's near San Marcos for the past rtve uays, nas escnpr-o capture, at least temporarily, uceord-j Ing to despatches from tho battle: jone. j Accompanied by 1,000 of his men, J .. n...i.i.ni h hrnUnn lhrnni.1, thl Insurgent lines near Chalchlcomula, about fifty miles cast of Puobln, and Is believed to be In the mountainous country between l'uobla and Oaxucn. He left behind him' a force of Gov ernment soldiers which Is still fight ing In an effort to dclny pursuit of the fugltlvo Chief Executive. Gen. Sanchez throw his revolution ary forces Into the struggle Thurs- (Contlnued on Second Page.) wuat ih si'itr. nrj.inr wiiv its 8la. tar InalasaUoa.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MAY 15, 1920.

HEIGHT OF SKIRTS PRECARIOUS; MUST NOW COME DOWN Price, However, Will Remain Up, Makers Say, Because of Cost of Manufacture. CLEVELAND, May 15. SKIRTS aro going down this fall, but not In price. In tho opinion of tho National Cloak and Suit Manufacturers' Associ ation In convention hero to-day, Hklrts havo reached a precarious height. Tho knee length may bo popu lar In Paris, but except on tho Btacrc it apparently has no friends In this country, said M. Hrlntz, Chairman of tho style convention. Styles for thu fall and winter call for conservative models and slender designs to glvo women folk that youthful appearance, said Mr. Brlntz. Prices cannot full along with tho skirt becauso tho cost of labor and materials still Is abnormally high, hu added. BIG ICE BRIDGE AT NIAGARA, j Slny I."., anil llnr of the I-ariet Srm In Yearn, Spun. Gorier, MAOAHA KALLH. N. Y.. May 15. OnR of 'h InrgeHt leu brtdgos In many ''ar') l,UJi formed In the Niagara Gorge 'r"m uie American runs io mo jiaiu of the Mist landing on tho Canadian side. Thu mild formation Is duu to continued cold weather, a heavy flow nf lm from Luku Erie und a steady north wind. Mntllrrnan, DIvIiik Champion, Him. .Arthur McAleenan, member of the American Kwlmmlng; team entcrod for the Olympic games, died at eleven o'cloi-k thU liiornlng at Hoosevelt Hos pital. H and two other former athlete's Trdfonl Uann and Htephen Kuddy, wero Injured several days ago In an auto mobile accident.

AND IS FREED ON

$l$&$ti'iir:i CAPPER SEES HUGE SUGAR PRODUCTION Declares Importation This Year Will Exceed That of 1919, 2,000,000,000 Pounds. WA8H1NOTON. May 15. Senator Capper tb-dny gnvo out a statement de claring this yw'i Importation of sugar will exceed lant year's by 2,000,000.000 pounds. Hn doubled that nn actual shortago existed, but reiterated his sug gestion that sugar stocks should Ihi sclied by the Government and rationed through the Iost Olllcc. If no better way can bo found. He quoted reports that profits of tho Cubsn Cane Sutrar Corporation were f 40 a share for the common stock with sugar averaging 7 1-2 cents a pound In Cuba. The list of owners of Cuban sugar companies Is pilncipully a list of New Tork addrotsca. ho udded. "The sugar barons, who were limited during tho war by tho Sugar Equaliza tion Doard to a liberal profit, are now Uiklng their flyer In the grand free-for-all profit boost 1 115 contnst and making up for lost time. Capper assorted. S. I. AUTO BANDITS GET $3,500 PAYROLL Clioke Paymaster of Rosebank Manufacturing Plant aiul Run Away in a Limousine. Two bandits leaped from a llmoiudni, 200 feet from the plant of Klt-sH & Co.. color manufacturer, at Hosobank, K. I., this morning and took a leather bis containing $3,300 from George Ktoese;, paymaster, wiitcii ho was carrying to pay off the employees. After choking him, Utoesel said, tha bandits threw him Into the gutter and sped away.

Motorcycle policemen ere Hnt out '"l,m.tn Lh(f n, Department Hand. The And the machine, which he cnl. headed 1 , , u, ', ,, .,..., toward the Ht Oeorgu ferry, n.arle., "f ,h ' ?tr""u . ' 2 "

Anderson, who said ho lived In Newark, was detained when h was found at the Bergen Point ferry In a car answering tha description given by Htmsel. The machine bore a New York license plain. Anderson refused to Ulk.

.Entrml m Berond-Ctaaa Vaitae ro.t Office, Mew Tark, M. T.

"Millionaire" Deputy Commis sioners Also in Line Mayor Presents Honor Medals. Ten thouasnd regulars and rewrves of the Now York Police Department, with Mayor Ilylan and Police Com-' mlssloncr Kn right at their hood, started up Broadway from he Cus tom Knuso at 11.30 o'clock to-day In the annual police parade. Six regi ments of Itescrveo wore In line. What with the return to town of "Nicky" Arnstein, yesterday's court triumph of Inspector Henry and the reported promotion to an Inspector ship of one bf tho heroes of tho de partment, Cnpt. Hallock of the ma rlno division, public Interest In the "finest" appeared to be keener than over. They s were chrered and ap plauded all tho way up Broadway to 11th Street, whero the line headed west to Seventh Avenus before turn Ing north again. Inspector Henry was not In line when tho parade started und It was said ho would not appo'ar. Tho Mayor, tho Commissioner and the famoui 'millionaire" Deputy Commissioner were linprrnslvo In high hats, frock coats and gray trousers. In dnuhlo breasted blue coats, trousers that looked llko now, polished boots and regulation caps, they looked rftidy for anything. Every man In lino carried what wrm called a "baton" but looked like 11 fancy billy. The Police Reserves, by act of the recent Legislature a permanent auxil iary body of 5.000 cltlzenN, wore a1 littlo more gold than tho regulars. Tho leserves had floats to exhibit cavalry, aviation, 'mpital, machine gun and marine divisions. Chief Inspector John Duly led the policemen, the Potlro Hand und the Honor Battalion, under Captain Wil liam T Davis, Immediately behind him. The Klrst Beglmont wus made uii of tho Trninc Division under In- upoetnr Jhn O'Brien. They hud with men' marched with tho Second llegl- ment, Inspector Wllllum A. Coleman commanding, and tho Letter Carriers' (Continued on Second Cage.)

PRICE TWO CENTS tn iuuuteb ntsjr took

IS FREED ON E

AND THEN ARRESTED BY U. S

Rides Down Police Parade Line With Wife and Doffs Hat Passing Grandstand Forced to Wait for Sortie One to Give Himself Up 'To. .n.i Nicky Arnstein, after three months of fooling tht New York polide, gave himself up to-day after a Joyous"' automobile ride in a conspicuous green airtomobiIe,.down-Fifth AvcnueTand past Police Headquartersi He waited at the District Attorney's office patiently until somebody could' be found to arrest him and then entered on a series of legal and physical misadventures. "' .

CHRONICLES TELL DETAILS OF LONG HUNT FOR NICKY FEB. 13, liSte-lH Mew Tork without telling his wffe, Fannie Brlce, actress, whore he was going. FeJb. 20 Miss Brlce tried to cosh a check for f 13,000 signed "J. W. Arnold" but was prevented by bankruptcy court proceedings against Arnstein, who had been living under the name of Arnold. Kb. !1 "National Huroty Com pany started suit against Arnstein to recover value of stolen Wall Street securities. Feb. 22. Nicky reUlned Will iam J. Kallon ,as counsel over long distance telephone. Feb. 24, Eugene McOee met Arnstein In Cleveland; brought back, to New York Arnsteln'a message: "I am Innocent" Feb. 25. New' York police con fer title of "Master Mind" oa Nlckey. Feb. 2. McOee, with Detec tive Sergeant Oegan and Detec tives Aury Mayor and drover Cleveland Brown, start West to meet "Nicky." , Feb. 2. First promise by Fal lon "Nicky" would surrender "next Monday." March 1. "Nicky" for fflrst time did not surrender. March ('Assistant District At torney Doollng eays: "Arnstein will suronder In a fow hours." March 9. TYoeeedlnsr In bank ruptcy before Judge Learned Hand to establish IdenUty of "J. W. Arnold" as "Nicky." March 10 Oegun gets back without "Nlclcy." March 13 Brown and Mayer get back, also without "Nloky," after visiting Buffalo, Rochester, Syra cuse and Pittsburgh. atarch 24 "Nloky" offers through counsel to return If ball is fixed at ISO.000. March 26 New York police send out 10,000 circulars asking other cl'lew to help find "Nicky." May 1& "Nicky" arrives and Is snubbed by pollco busy preparing for annual parade. Montreal Broker, Wanted In Arn stein la.r, Kills Self. Kwrail (n Th KnnW WurU.) MONTItKAL, May 15. WllllMn Graham Browne, who killed himself last night after his arrest In connec tion with bond thefts, was employed, ' few years ago In the New York branch of the Canadian Bank of Com. mrce and afterwards became Mon treal manager of the Sovereign Bank of Canada. More recently he had been In buHlncss as a bond broker. He s supposed to have had big market losses In the last year, and thin Is thought to have opened the way for his association with 'confederates of Nicky Arnstein. (Racing Entries on Page 2.)

::z: j - u - I Til yy l-liri if TiYI' .ftrafTI nVnl TURKS CKTTS KTBWIIBKB IENDERS,

Assistant District Attorney Doollng repudiated the supposed agreement to acept 60,000 ball which hal led Nicky to surrender. Judge Craih

fixed ball at 175.000. Thrrn nrnV.lnlnv f'l

In getting 118,000 in addition to, the 140,000 which Arnold rtotheatean. ffamlWer. and Florenz Zlegfdd, Jr., employes' of Fannie Brlce, Arnoteln'B actress wife, had In reodlnaks.- Arnstein was .committed to the Tomb In the Interval. Baul a. My ers, seoklng Arnsteln'a presonce for examination In bankruptcy proceed ings growing out. of, tho $.00j.000 bond robberies tn which Nicky Is: charged with complicity, procured a! writ of habeas corpus from Judge Knox In the United States District

Court. A delay caused by the fact that Judge Crainhad left court with- ' out certifying the 175,000 Ibai! bond . order overcame by an affidavit from Doollpg. Deputy Warden Walsh of the Tombs was turning Arnstein loose to Join Miss Brlce, waiting outside tho"

door with her cor when U. fi. oputy A Marshals Whalen, Kanneglser and 1 Hnnnnra inwnrwl wlt.h Vim ilt

-r, ... - ... "ttmi habeas rtfirrma. !

SEIZED BY DEPUTIES AFTER REEA8E ON BAIL. Myers demanded that the warden of the Tombs hold "Nloky" as cus-. dlllan for the United States Court On the objection rf llllam J. (FaK Ion, counsel for Arnstotn, "Myers was Ignored and Arnstein was turned-loose again, oniy io oe eeizea-oy tne united States (Marshals after a rough and tumble acramfblo on the sidewalk. The marshals took "Nicky" to tho Federal Building.' iMlss Brlco fol lowed In the tolg green oar, her ex excltement obvious to all beholders. ' The writ was returnable before Judgo Learned . Hand, and Myers sold ho was going to nsk -that 'Vilcky" Je held as a material witness to the . bankruptcy proceedings In 1100,000 ad ditional ball by the United States Court. Because of the parade It was Im possible to have more than fifty de tectives waiting around the building, presumably to keep him, from get- ' ting away before tho ball bond wm signed. It was also Impossible lo have tne Police Band In attendance, 1 but there was a large gathering of movie cam or a operators and other , Broadway villagers, . Arnstein, accompanied by his wife, Fannie Brlce, his attorney, 4WU Ham J. Fallon, arrived In' an au tomobile. Ho walked through the cordon of detectives unnoticed and. obviously peevish, went to an elevator and up to the District Attorney's of fice. An elevator nun recognised hlui and asked whence ho came. "From NineUeUi Street and Columi bus Avenue," ho said shortly. His Indignation Increased when h learned there was no one In the ofj flee to meet him and he bad to wait for five minutes before Detective Rayncs happened to pass through the office and put him under arrest, . "Nicky" told Baynes he had been Uy rittsburs moat of the tlzae during the ,

J sAiliU'llj"' iLi in'i rr'a tt'


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-06-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280787/1920061601/0546.xml ===

1 OUISVILLE WOMAN FIRED SHOT AT EL WELL 16 YEARS AGO1 AW ELWELL SLAYER KENTUCKY AVENGER KILLED WHIST EXPERT, SAYS SWANN TO-DAY'3 WEATHER Thunder 8howert. TO-MORROWS WEATHER ThunoV Showsrs.

1 To Be Sure off

Tlhe IRveimSirnc? World. 1

. - -- j cwi a iitt- 11 uir- n n mn um rssi w- VOL. LX. NO, 21,460 SHOT TO DEATH BY ' FELLKfUDENT 'Victim Followed Into Frater , nity iHouse of Dartmouth After Quarrel. SLAYER TAKES FLIGHT. Caught on Train for Boston, He Admits Shooting Claims Self Defense. , HAJNOVHIt, N. H., Juno 16. Henry E. Maroney, of West Mcdford, MaBs., a senior at Dartmouth College, was Bhot and Idled during a quarrel at his looms In the rneia jjeim jn r i li terally house oariy to-uuy oy iwi ' T. Moads, of La. Orange. 1U.. a Junior. . Meads, after being arrested on a Boston-bound train, betwen Canaan and Franklin, admitted tho shpotlagfrl wild ha had -been drinking, and as aerted he fired In self-defence. He wired his father, A. H. Meads of -Chicago, to corns here and defend him. Stories of the trouble differ. The college authorities say It grew out of a call on Meads early this morning, by a group of three students, Includ ing Maroney, who had been sitting up reviewing studlen In preparation for examination to-day. They entered Meads's room In Massachusetts Hall, found that ho resented tho Intrusion, and withdrew, Meads firing several shots to drlvo them off, according to their story to the college ofllce. Tho men said they thought tho shooting was "movlo stuff." and they laughed ami went out. l u,.,.n,iintlv Meads tmrsued Ma- UUU.Jl-"---. I roney, they said, cnterod his room ni the Fraternity Houso and, after a Quarrel, tired, killing him almost In stantly. Meads fled. Accompanied by Erwln T. Wels of Hull, Ala., a fellow junior, Meads said later, ho walked to Masooma, and there boardod the train for Hoston, Wels returning to Hanover, where he ,i..tnlned as a witness. Meads was caught on tho train by Deputy Cherlff Claude M. Murray or Fmnk lln, to whom he surrendered an auto 'matic pistol. Meads. In the county Jail at Frank lin, told the sheriff that a pnrt ot students went to his room early this mnmlnir to dbtaln liquor. He had poured several drinks from a quart bottle of whiskey, he saia, wm "" men sprang on him and took the bot .i -nmv. Ho said ho went after it, found Maroney in his room, quart eled 1. J President Ernet M. Hopkins stated V khat ho was ccrtnln that Maroney had hot bten drinking, nnu tiiat an nw -In'i..Hiina convinced 'htm that tho Lad. man had not touched Intoxicat ing liquors since his return to colloge ist fall. 'Marony was twenty-five years of eo. a graduato of Mcdford utgn H School with tho class of 1U13, and tho j son of Mr. and Mrs. Jiuncs U. Mn- (roney. Moads, a youth of twenty two, served with the Naval Aviation f ervlce at l'ensacola during tho war. MBDFORD, Mass., Juno 16. Henry E. Maronoy was the oldest son of James B. Maroney of West Mcdford, troanuror ul John Hrlggh Co., Inc.. of Uoston, dealers In paints and oils. Henry was born In Now Haven, 1 Con., and was graduated fimmVJ" Modford High School and Phillip i Handover Academy. During tin- war 1 ho servod oh an ensign In ihi Navy 1 and for nlo mollis wan engaged In I tho Ovnrsc-oa TrnilFport Service. Ilo I -waa Pi-onldcnt of, the Dramatlf Hub Int Darunouth. His brother, Walter I Mamnoy, Is a freshman at tho col I jukI active In uthlotlaa. I jUa fnthor and his inothur, who is hust rccovorine irom un uuiess, ion for Hanover this noon. t THE WOULD TKAVKI. IlinnAC. Xrmit Pulluw, lU'orWl ntMui, iJ.ua firt Bow. K. Y, do. Tuni-hon UKltouu WO. Twi room tot burnt n4 mkoU opto 4u twl

- i ii i'f iiiinnHHii rNi .Kss mm mm DAILY. Coprrtght, 1020, 0. (The G. 0. si- Soap Manufacturer Often "Milked" by Leaders. Who Now Look for More. IS PARTY'S EASY MARK. Thinks Money Can Get Any thing, but Has Failed to Get an Office. By Martin Green. (Special Staff Correspondent of The Evenlno World.) CAITON CITY. Col.. June 16.-A well 'ISorni manufacturer of lacteal productfltkibes that he gets his tnUMra.wdtijA cows. Cob William Cooper Procter of Cincin nati, who financed tho campaign which did not got tho nomination for den. Leonard Wood In Chicago, has acquired the reputation of be ing tho "contented cow" of tho Re publican Party. Men who are In position to know say that Col. Proc ter has yielded to the Republicans of Ohio cloao to 11,500,000 in past years and that tho Wood campaign will havo cosf him $750,000 by tho time all bills aro paid. But (he Colonel Is waiting to be "milked" again, and the Republican Party of Ohio numbers among Its leaders several who aro planning to do tho milking In the Interests of Senator Harding, although Harding opposed Wood in the Ohio primaries. Those who know Col. Procter say all the milkers have to do Is pcrsuado the Colonel they havo something that can bo put over with the aid of money, and ho wilt come across. It tho project Is Republican. BELIEVES MONEY CAN BUY ANYTHING, Col. Procter believes, according to Ohtoans who havo seen him milked, and occasionally assisted at the oper ation, that money will buy anything. He believed that by the use of money in an extended publicity campaign ho could "sell" Gen. Wood to the Repub Ilcan Party Just as ho sells Ivory soap and crlsco to the public. His friends say that ho can't understand yet how the scheme ran off tho track, but wise explainers are framing up reasons to satisfy him, and he s apparently not hard to satisfy, which makes him such an idmlraiblo contented cow. Ry birth and environment Col. Propter has como naturally to the bellof which Is entertained by nearly all men of his class, that anything can be- bought with money. Boforo ho grew to manhood his fathnr and undo had mado a tremendous suc cess of tho Procter & Gamble Soap Works. On tho death of his father William Cooper Procter assumed the manage ment of the soap factory and there (Continued on Sixteenth Page.) Six (O) ndl-Ani. hot water. Sure re- llut. Fnr Indlgnilton. Don't forset. Adrt. Clafsificd Advertiser i Important! Classified, advertlfln i-opy tor The 8unday World should De In The World oltlce , On or Before Friday Preceding Publication ifiarlycopy receive the prnfrwnce when Sunday udvortlalnis " tu tit, omitted. lnte auvertleliia now omitted for lack of tlmo to net It, THE WORLD.

TOOK UP GEN. WOOD'S EIGHT

1dircaiatfoii Boots Open to -A."

by The Press rnbllsblut New York World). P. BEFORE HE WOMAN WITH BABY GIRL WINS HIGHEST HONOR IN COLLEGE Covers Four Years' Course in Three, Takes Care of Child and Does All Her Housework. CHICAGO, Juno 16. THE highest honors among tho 878 persons graduated to-day from Northwestern University wore awarded to-day to Mrs. Howard Van 8. Tracy of Evanston, who took her baby daughter to college with her and completed tho tour year course in three .years. "Mf&YJCtiacy was graduated with i(iWilJcloritof.--ArU...- She Bald she planned to return for her master's degree Besides going to collego and caring for hor baby, Mrs. Tracy did all her own housework. Tho baby was born four months after the mother entered college In the fall of 1917. 1 1 .n . . .... . . 1 r 'Some One Will Have tO Pay When I am Exonerated," Declares Fitzgerald. Charging that he had been "framed" by detectives who, ho said, had threat ened him If he did not answer ques tlons, Georgo Fitzgerald, chauffeur at the' Caruso household" In East Hampton, L. I., where the recent theft of 8500.000 worth of Jewels oc curred, to-day said that he will spend very cent ho has to exonerate him self. "And when I am exonerated some body will have to pay for It. This wouldn't have occurred If Mr. Caruso had been home," the chauffour added Fitzgerald was arrested yesterday following a secret hearing before Jus tice of tho Peace Shcrrlll. It wns ex plained that this" action was taken simply to provent the possibility of Fitzgerald leaving the Jurisdiction of the court for the John Doe hearlni; to too held Friday in East Hampton. Fitzgerald said this action was taken because ho displeased detectives b engaging counsel. "I did that because I saw they were trying to fasten It on me," hs suld, "nnd I wanted to protect myself against being framed." The technical charge Is violation of tho Sullivan law. On the night of the theft, Fitzgerald fired two bullets In the direction ho thought tho th'eves had taken. The revolver, he avert ed had been given to him by Mrs. Caruso so ho could protect her and tho household, iiho said he wouldn't nct'ij n penult as her husband lb ait honorary captain in tho police de partment, ho declared. At noon .to-day Fitzgerald sent tho following cable to Mr. Caruso: "Arrested for having gun you avc mo. Madam refused to go my ball." WOlll.ll UnSTAUIIANT AmrUl fur uKf. UulnMllI. Juua ID. 1020.

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 16, 1920.

Fights Armed Men Who Shot and Robbed Her Husband As He Purchased Rolls. CASH REGISTER RIFLED. Highwaymen Escape in Lim ousine Without License Tag Police Mum on Robbery. Mrs. Delia Murray of No. 204 West 84th Street, attacked and put to flight four auto bandits armed with eight revolvers, who early this morn ing hefd tip the Fairbanks Bakery, No. 688 Columbus avenuo and robbed "the clerk and Mrs. Murray's ht.j band. Utnouslno from which tho license number tag had been removed, drew up In front of tho bakery, in which Mrs, Murray and her husband, Stephen, wcro buying rolls for their breakfast. The chauffeur remained at tho wheel of tho machlno. Flvo youi.g men Jumped out Each of them car ried two revolvers. One remained on tho sldowalk and four ran into tho bakery, pointed revolvers at Joseph Schwartban, the clerk, and Mr. and Mrs. Murray. One of tho robbers took $75 from the cash roglster and another took JIM from Murray's 1 pocket. Mrs. Murray grnbbed the man who had robbed her husband. Tho rob ber's companions pointed their re volvers at the courageous woman and threatened to kill her. She dofled'thcm nr,A .fMLnlul ...l.V. . 1,1. V, .! Mill. CI UKhliru Willi 1U I UUIJtl nilU II.IU ,Ccd. Murray jumped Into the scrimmage and one of the robbers fired at him. The bullet struck Mur ray In. the foot and his wlfo released the bandit she was struggling with and went to her husband's aid. The four robbers ran from the bakery nnd Jumped Into tho limousine, which sped south to 92d Street and then turned west. Policeman James McCarr of tho West 100th Street Station was at 97th Street when ho heard tho shot. Ilo jumped Into a taxi and told the driver to choe thn machine, which ho could see starting away from the curb In front of the bakery. When the taxi reached 92d Street and Broadway, tho llmouslno had disap peared. At tho West 100th Street Police Sta. tton, the desk lieutenant declared ho had heard nohlng about a holdup In the district, nnd know nothing about tho ambulance being called to atter.-l Murray. HARDING WRITES A LETTER TO WOOD Admits Embarrassment in Npt Knowing What the Victor Should Say to the Vanquished. WASHINGTON. June 18. Senator Harding to-day sent the following let ter to Major Gen. Leonard Wood In roply to the latter's telegram ot con gratulation: "I do not know quite how to cxprem my feelings In dictating an acknowl edgment to ono who was a contender for the distinction which camo to mo. Perhaps I shall express myself suf ficiently If I say that hail tho distinc tion como to you liutoad or mi', l should have found very grfnt pleasure nnd satisfaction In conveying to you a very cordial niessngu of felicitation u nd good wishes. "I know that wo are both Interested In tho same great good to our common country and I feed confident that you will lJ very deeply Interested In bring ing about n restoration of a Republican Party administration In Washington and a return to tho Constitutional methods of government which were Ui concept ot th founding fithtrs." . ,

WOMAN FIRED SHOT AT ELWELL IN LOUISVILLE 16 YEARS AGO; CASE WAS NOT PROSECUTED L Slain Man Was In Lexington the Night of May 28 Last and Left Following Morning Without Paying Bill (SfMiU to TO ZrtnlBf Woild.) LEXINOTON, Ky Juno 10. WHILE In Louisville elxtecn years ago, 'Joseph Bowno Elwell.' who waa mysteriously murdered In New York, was fired at by on unidentified woman whllo he was standing In front of the Gait Houso, according to the Louisville police Thoy added that Elwell did not press tho case and no arrests were made. Elwell came to Lexington tho night ot May 28 and oftor spending tho 'bight at tho hotol loft In the morning without paying his bill. Elwell came hero last fall from Palm llcach, and not finding a place to winter hlo horses, appealed to Edward R. Dradley, millionaire horseman, who had known him In New York, nnd Unidloy wintered tho racers. Bradley also got Lloyd Gentry, former Bradloy Jockey, tb train for Elwell. Elwell played whist at tho Lexington clubs and made many friends among society people, but had no entanglement with women. He came here alone. He had no record here as a gambler, and tho only aportlns

proclivities exhibited were a. fondness for whist and visits to.htaace

horses. He was never seen here with a would connect him with anything LONG BEACH HOUSE SOLD BY ELWELL Whist Expert Had Handsome Place as Well as Yacht Until Two Years Ago. Joseph Bowne Elm-ell owned a larse, modern and very handsomo house on Penn Street, between AValnut and LaurlUin Avenues, Long Hench, L I., whloh ho had built for hlmnetf several years ngo, and which he used for week end visits until about two years ago, when the British ibutler who hud been In chargo went Into the army. Klwell, say the neighbors In the vicinity of this house, then cloned the place and later disposed of It, together with vir tually all of his other holdings In Long Beach. 1 'Tho house was a largo concrete structure with all tho modern equip ment and artistic furnishings with whloh Khvell loved to surround him self. Ho kept several automobiles In the Kara co and a cruising j'acht with auxiliary engine near at hand. So if r as canl bo lenrned in the neighborhood ho had few women vlat- tors at his Long Beach houae.

ELWELL ESTATE VALUE VARIES FROM ONLY $15,000 TO $500,000; CREATED $200,060 TRUST FUND

Lately Disposed of Property Worth More Than SI 00,000 Feared "Going Broke." Conflicting statements by tho fam ily and friends of Joseph 11. Elwell as to the probable amount ot his estate havo added anotthcr touch of mystery to the case After talking with El well's father and mother and Attorney Alexander McCurdy of the law firm of Davles, Auerbach & Cornell, who filed tho will for probate, Dls'.rlct Attorney Swann to-day announced that they bollovc the estate will not exceed (15,000. Walter Klwtll, brother of tho slnln man, shnrt'y boforo bis parents' vJsli to the District Attorney. !! tho es tate would o valued at least $500,000. Tho widow has for novorul years btcil out of touch with Klwell'a finan cial affairs, so cannot trpcuk definite) regarding them. It wns learned that Elwell conducted his Florida real es tate deals through tho Long Uoach llealty Company, a Now York corpo ration, of which bit chauffeur wu

"Circulation Books Open .KnUrrtl m fleeund - U'ott Office, New strange woman, and did nothing that, unusual.

ELWELL S WIFE HAD AGED

10 SUE HIM FOR DIVORCE

Planned Action at His Request Slain Man's Family to Provide for Her. Mrs. Helen Derby Btwell, widow of Joseph Uowne Elwell, admitted at hor home, No. 1180 Lexington Avenue, this morntng that she had agreed somo time bofore her husband's mur der to begin divorce proceedings. "About a month ago," ho said, "Mr. Elwell wrote mo asking mo to aue for divorce and Baying q-ulto plainly that I had amplo ground und would have little dltllculty In obtain ing my freedom from him. Ho added given as secretary. This was dono by Klwcll so his wlfo would not have to be asked to sign ilocil. Elwell's racing Interests, centred In the Beach Stablos. are said on good authority to represent an Investment of about 1100,000. Settlement or tho estate probably will bring (25.000 or f r.0,000 from this source. Sunny Slope, tho horse that cost Elwell $25,000, and was tho best In his string, recently went lame. This and other circum stances may reduce tho tangible value of the stable. Walter Elwell, brother of tho mur dered man. said to-duy ho was sure his brother left more than $500,000. In addition to nny other property, Walter Ulwcll declared, thero Is a trust fund of $100,000. paying $10,000 a year, creatod by Klwtll to guard against his "going broke." Kl well's home at No. m Vt 70th Street was not owned by him. Ho rented It at $1,800 a year. Tho conditions of the trust provided that $2,000 a year of tho Income should go to Elwell's father und $8,000 a year to himself. In a vault opened after his murder, (Continued on Second Fs.cs.)'

PRICE TWO CENTS IH OnKATKIl NEW VOlUt

rias Mutter York, N. Y.

IN SEEN BY 10 S STERS

LEAVING SCENE OE MURDER; IS. ELWELL GOES TO HOUSE Letter From "Annie" found in Vic- tim's Room Reveals Motive for Killing by Kentuckian Swann Starts New Inquiry of Own. New vigor has been put into the search by the police for the two' tprb who saw an elderly man with a Panama hat leave the house of Joseph Bowne Elwell a ew minutes after the discovery of the crumpled body of the whist expert and racing man In a chair In his drawing room. The police were at first Inclined to be sceptical of the story of tho '

sisters, but it was accompanied by vestigalors now believe their testimony in the chain they are endeavoring to arc looking for in the Soilth. that I need not worry over money mutters as he wns prepared to settle a certain sum upon me for life which would bo siitllclont to care for me and for my hoy. "After thinking tho mntter over I wrote 111 hi that I agreed to his mig gesllnn, ns thero was no longer nny lovo between us and that In vt)W of all the circumstances a divorce would bo thn bnst thing for all concerned. I told him that after the dlvorco was granted, which probably would have been next fall, I Intended to go West with my son." Referring to money matters, Mrs. Elwell snld she was no longer worried about them. "At Mr Elwell's funeral I mot his fathor, who patted mo on the shoulder nnd told me not to worry as he Intended to take bare of mo and of' rtlohard," she said. "That llttlo talk cheered mo up Immensely, I want to contradict reports that '.here has been friction between Mr. El well's family and myself,, Thero has been nothing of tho sort. Mrs. Elwell said her son might go to work this summer, but sho Is con fident that by timo school opens In the fall sho will ho nblo to send him back to Andovcr. Sho declined to .llacuns tho probablo action of her at torney regarding a contest ot her husband's will, suylng that was a matter for tho lawyor to decide. Walter Elwell, brother of the mur dorcd man, announced to nowspapei men this morning that at a family iiiiforenco held last night tho decis ion had been reached to mako 'am plo provision" for Mrs. Helen Elwell .tud her son Illcbard. KRAUS DECREE NOT FILED. Juitee Una Slvneil Final I'npers, However, Secretary Says. WHITE PLALV3. N. V., June 1. A final decreu of dlvorco has not yot been filed here In tho suit of Viola Ivraus von Schlt-gell sgslnst Victor von nchlegell, It wiu di-cl.ireil to-day b Deputy County Clu'H Frank Coffey. Ii might not bo filed fur suverul weeks, lie s.ild. The jsccrotary to Supreme Court Ju tlcu Arthur Tompkins saJd that the Jus tice did not huvs tho paper, but tnu: .lgnod tho final ducreu. .She said the tupers had been taken tty lu.vrers In the case. The Interlocutory decrea la on tllo in tho County Clerk's orflou her. It shows that Arthur M. Johnson w.i.i appointed as referoe on Jan. 19, 1920. al. tax nrlUAni. hoi. walsr, lt. Tor inlltla, DunT fersei 4Tt

I Safe? :":: fcS-Mi

such circumstantial, detail that the ifol

is one of IhTmost important links' . weld about the man the detective? " District Attorney Bwonn Is con..' vlrnccd that It was the father or brother of Ogjoung girl In Lexington, Ky., who killed Elwell to avenge the wrong ho had dono to her.. The rls- trlct Attorney claims,. to knour tho' nojno of tho girl, having found a let- ' tcr from hor to Elwell In tho mystery houso which told of their relations. All the Information tho Investigators will give out for publication Is that the letter was signed ''Annie." '. rt is also mild that a man tele phoned to Urn Elwell house yesterday that the fathor or brofJher of "Annie" had bought a ticket for New Yortc, at Lexington ono dny loot week. The letter found In tho houso hub not ono of thoso which waa loft at th f door by Pairtmnii Torcy on the morn-' ' ing of Uho murder, but had been re cuIvlhI somo days previous to Friday. The Information of tho detectives la that BIwoH mado a hurried trip from Lexington nut long boforo ho was killed. REPORTED FRIEND TRIED TO -WARN ELWELL. Tho District Attorney la Invest! gating a report that some friend ot. tho murdered turfman made frantlo efforts to reach him by telephone oarly In the morning of the murder, doubtless to warn hun that bis Nemi esls was In tho city and to put him on his guard. It Is said that the efforts continued until otter 119 o'clock, nearly two hours -before Elwell reached his -home, District Attorney Swann Is not sat isfied with tho manner In which the investigation of the murder has been conducted and has taken personal cliargo of It. Ho sold this afternoon that he Intended, personally, to ex amlno all the witnesses and go over tho whole cuic again. Ho started this uftornon by having In his otnc Joseph C. and Walter Elwell, father und brother of tho murdered man and the attorney of tho tatter, Mr. Swunn has summoned also Ed-- ward Ilhodcs, ElWell's chauffeur; .Mnrle Lorsen, his housekeeper, and William Uarncs, tho valet and secre tary. "The witnesses," said the Prosecu tor, "must answer fully or I may hayo to Invoko tho aid of the drand Jury which Is now In session." Mrs. Itelon Derby Elwell, the mur lered man's widow, Is being ques tioned by the Investigators at the West TOth Street houso. It was the Mrst time that she had ever been In -her late husband's homo. The girls for whom the police have been looking for the last five days, claimed to have seen Mrs. Marie Lar-4 sen, the Elwell housekeeper, when; she told Policeman Singer of her dls--covery of the unconscious form of' her employer. The girls, one; ot whom was on her way to work and, the. others to schooL .,fouowe


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-07-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281512/1920071701/0024.xml ===

-ijr- fi.-v OLUTE WELL IN LEAD ON T LEG SHAMROCK BEHIND IN CROSSING r " To-morrow's wshr, FAIR

Job mi R. Spears

XS1 AMKHII :A VS CHR1TCCT VintTIV7 . .. KSJJ . inviiiHiu K4

ii JEE MONDAYS EVENING WORLD frTi i --rn it

VOL. LXI. NO. 21,486 J! ONLY ONE LEFT IN ELWELL MYSTERY Prosecutor's Staff Discards All Others and Seeks "Man in Gray Suit." t TRAILED VICTIM HOME Check Sent Mrs. W. M. Wash- burn Before Marriage a Wedding Gift. The "woman theory" Is now the only one entertained by the District Attor ney' office detectives working on the ; murder of Joseph B. Elwell. This la the reason for tho announce ment fcy Assistant District Attorney Doollng that his men are now almost certainly on the right trail; that all other motives robbery, race track scandals, hints of cheating In card ' games have been discarded, and that the Immediate task Is to Identify "the man in the gray suit" who taxied from the New Amsterdam Theatre to Elwell's homo early on the morning when Elwell was found dying In an armchair by the telephone able in the front room on the ground floor. Tho long list of women Elwell knew, some intimately, others as mens Inci dents of hla social and private life, some well known In fashionable circles, others only "picked up" In Fifth Ave nue or Broadway flirtations from his automobile all these women, with tho exception of those who have already been ablo to eliminate themselves defi nitely from tho case, are again under the searchlight of Investigation. WOMEN WHOSE NAMES ARE KEPT SECRET. And there aro some whose names have not yet been whiskered, one of tliese unnamed women is the special i uoject of olliclal Interest In connection with the "man In gray." Tho announcement by Mr. Doollng of the new direction ho has given to his efforts Is In complete conformity with Information which The Evening World exclusively has been giving to Its readers within the last fow days. This information had to do with a " young woman recently married who had known Elwell beforo her marrlago ' and had received some money frovn him In the form of a check. Tho check, with ber signature indorsed on the back, was found among other cancollel checks returned to Elwell by his bank. There was also a packet of letters In Elwell's possession. They were ' addressed to the young woman In her maiden name, but they were not writ ten by Elwell to her. They were mere ' friendly letters, which would have at tracted no attention at all but for the (Continued on Third Page.) WOltl.l) niO.STAVIIA.ilT. BvtcUl tut lo-du. SMurJAjr. Jul IT. 1020 Cautd trt and new ullwe. &-.! mlwd. o into ld minnili, 0ft lWf 4'hl 41a. ' iff. toe Hla floor. World Bulldlm, Adrt. JT wonder f CouJd Pie wc?77 Mystery be Solved bylhe master iotectivetho defeats the master criminal in THE MYSTERY OF SAREK, This stofv by Maurice Leblanc (creator of Arsene Lupine) Begins in the Even !n g World Monday July 19.

say nuiiiunui' Race i DAILY.

Copyrhtht, tnZOi by The Vrt PabUthUs ' Cc. (The 'Mew XorU World).

Bride Who Got Wedding Gift

Famous Cornell Instructor Passed Away Suddenly at Ithaca Home. AUBURX, N. Y.", July 17. Charles E. Courtney, who has coached the Cornell crows, which hold every row ing record In America, was found dend to-day nt his summer home, the Castle, at Farloy'a Tolnt, on Cayuga ilqtce. Charles E. Courtney was In hlsocv- enty-flfth year. During Ihe spring regatta at Ithaca ho appeared In ex cellent health although 'nis hair and mustache wero snow white. Becauso of his long connection at Cornell, he was Intimately known to thousands of rowing devotees as the "old man of tho Hudson." Year after year he brought Cornell crows to Pough keopsle that either won or finished well with tho leaders. Courtney pre pared more victorious crews than any one in American rowing history, which Includes the great Ned llnnlon. Many etorle-s have been written about the famous Cornell couch, his personality and coaching methods. The old man hlmsolf was as gentle as a child and even lacked tho nerve to see his crews slide over the finish llnu on the Hudson. Yet ho pos sessed the rara ability of Instilling his charges with great determination and grit. Aaldo from rowing Court ney had one other sport hobby hunt ing. Ho was that type of huntsman who frequently oiled up his gun, and told many hunting yarn, but It Is doubtful If the Cornell veteran ever actually shot a bird. AUTO HITS MAN AND GOES ON. Victim's ,lllp and Arm llroken by Taurine Car at Cllltnn, 9. I. The police havb sent out a general alfrm for two men in a black touring car which disappeared to-day strr run ning down and Injuring a man at Clifton, 8. I. Tho victim was James Reynolds, twenty-nine. No. :i0 Hay .Street, Clifton, mi engineer on, tho Ualtlmoro and Ohio, lie wua crossing liny Street at Norwood Avenue when he was struck don niH thrown twenty feet , IIu was picked up unconscious und taken to Staten Island Hospital. Ills right hip and left' arm were broken. Street Car Srrvlrr In Chleiiitn .rnr ly uriun. OHICACJO. July 17. Street car anr. vice was practically bade to normal to day and to-night Is expected to see the local mreoi oar miikh amusneu, accord ing to olTlelHls. "Umbrtlli Minn" Hoyl-, lender ot thy Mrlkern. will confer with the street car oflklaU to-day. n.nno Tom of t'tit Snaar Arrive. Klvn thoixand tons of cut sugar was brought Into port her to-dny by the Urltlsh steamship Wclshriiitn, from Jtamburg. The nugar la consigned to Amrlan Importers,

1 "CtxctdaUoh Books Open to Alt"

in Form of Check L F Tilden & Johnston Next Tackle Australians vfor Davis International Trophy. WnrnMJDON. July 17. America to day won the right to challenge Australia for the Davis Cup, the International lawn tennis trophy. Johnston and Til den, the American pair, dofeatcd Patko and Klngscote of Great Britain In tho doubles match, giving the Amor leans three straight matches and a vlo tory In tho competition with the British Davis Cup team. i no Americans did not have an easy time winning tho contest. They wero forced to the limit at nil times and were compelled to play five sets before emerging victorious. The Johnston-Tllden combination accounted tor me urst pet after a stiff battlo by 8 0. Klngscoto and Parke came right back and evened the match on tho second set by 6 t and when tho British net stars also captured the third set tremendous ex cltment prevailed. Tho Yankees ral. lied, however, and once again evened tho match on tho fourth set by 6 3. In tho fifth and final set tho Yanks went to their work like well oiled machines and won by 6 2. Three out of five matches were nec- esiury to win the competition between tho British and American teams. In yesterday's play in the singles John ston defeated Parko and Tilden took tho measure ot Klngscoto. Tho Amer icans having won the doubles, deciding the issue. It will not bo necessary to play tho other two singles matches scheduled. BEEF HERE RISES: FALLS IN CHICAGO 9 Difference Befween Price on Hoof and Dressed Product $2.25 in January, SIS in June. WASHINGTON, July 17. Prices of dressed bcif In New York went up whlli tho-prlces paid for livestock at Chlcagu were falling, according to a report Is sued by the Bureau of Markets of the Department of Agriculture to-day foi the 1 months beginning with January. In June the chart accompanying the roport iOiows "good liu beef" sold for anurnlmutelv S13 to tltt per hundred weight and iirejued beef at Now York brought 3i per nuniirou weucni. oi IouIiil' are the flKUres by monthi: 1.1 vu eultlu at Clilrauo: January. JH.7.1 per bundled wtlsht; February, C1S.M; .March, (II: April, IU.50, Mu, Jin.il); June 1, I13.U ; third week of June, jilt. Droxaeil beef holenale at Ne .v Yoili; .lamiHty. fi pr humtt.-d weight; 1'ebTU.iry. f-'l ; Mnteh. 1S; Apill, Jl . May, 1i: . Jim" 1. in, third ACek of June, till. if 1, 10 nnr dollar ami ten cent 9 1. 10 tax lueludud. yuu ean ape the ireittti Mhuw the world haa ever H''""". ZIKUKKI.U fULUU. Kw JkUMWrtUu Zi.M, Aivt.

YANKS W N F NA

R 0 M BRITAIN IN

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JULY 17, 1920.

ALLIES THREATEN TO EJECT TURKS Moslems Must Not Only Sign j Treaty, but Must Control Rebels in Anatolia. TIME EXPIRES JULY 27. Ultimatum Says 'Bluntly Turks Wilt Be Driven Out "Once and for All." LONDON, July 17 (Associated Press). A threat to drlvo tho Turk from Europe, "onco and for all," Is contnlned In tho allied reply to the Turkish objections to tho Peaco Treaty, made public here to-day. Such action might follow Turkey's refusal to' sign tho Treaty or her failure to glvo it effect, tho reply states. The tlmo limit for Turkey to make known her decision expires at mid night, July 27. Tho Allies have arranged to deliver this reply, which takes tho form of an ultimatum, to tho Turkish Peaco Delegation In Paris this afternoon. Tha Turks aro Informed that they must signify their willingness to eign tho Peace Treaty within ton days, falling which "the Allied Powers will take such action as they may con sider necessary 4n tho circumstances." The Allies made somu minor modi fications in the treaty after the Turks had presented their protests, but it is understood that these modifications do not materially affect tho original draft The Allied reply Is couched in the bluntest language, and says: "If the Turkish Government re fuses to sign tho peace, still mi'i-o if it finds .itself unable to re-establish Its authority In Anatolia or give ef fect to the treaty, the Allies, In ac cordance with the terms of the treaty, may be driven to reconsider this ar raignment by ejecting the Turks from Europe once and (or all." "Tho Allies are clear that the time has come when It is necessary to put nn end once and for all to the Empire of tho Turks over other nations." Tho note refers to Turkish "atroci ties which started und shocked the conscience of mankind," nnd cites that It Is estimated that sinco 1914 tho Turkish Government has "massacred on the mendacious pretext of alleged revolt 800,000 Armenians, including women nnd children." The Allies state they are "resolved to emancipate ull areas Inhabited by n non-Turkish majority from Turk ish rule." The Allies decllno to make liny modification In the clauses of the treaty which detach Thrace and Smyr na from Turkish rule, sinco In botn areas tho Turks nrc in the minority. Tho same considerations apply to the frontiers between Syria and Turkey. Tho Allies also decline to change the provisions which provide for tho creation of a free Armenia "within which tho President of the United States will determine us fair and Just." The general terms of the treaty with regnrd to administration of the straits must stand as set forth In the treaty, ut tho Allies will permit the Turks, tho same as Bulgaria, to hnve a representative on the commission for the straits. Classified Advertisers CLOSING TIME 5.30 P. M. SHARP SATURDAY FOR The SUNDAY WORLD'S Classified Advertisements DRANCH OFFICES CLOSE BEFORE fi O'CLOCK Positively no Clatitfled Advartlie. menu will b received for Tha Bundiy World after 6.30 P. M. Advertinlnc copy for The finniltj World ahould bo In The World office ON OR BEFORE FRIDAY PRECEDING PUBLICATION ' ' Lr-nCu-i-Juij ii. ji lu.mm I

DEFENDER AHEAD FROM START IN LIGHT AND FLUKY WIND

(1MFR IN A Wl ANF

AS RACE Excursion Vessels and Private Craft Stream Through Bay From Both Rivers. WARSHIPS KEEP ORDER. Racers Themselves Seen From Above as They Hoist Their Sails, FBOM A SEAPLANE OVER RAC ING COURSE, July 17. (By the As sociated Press.) Now York's harbor put on Its best holiday suit ot sunshine nnd favorable weather early to-day and waited for the slenal which was to start tho second event of the classic contest for International yachUng supremacy between tho BrlUsh chal lenger Shamrock IV. and Resolute, tho American Cup defender. Across tho vast stngo already set with sharp drawni lines dividing land and sky and sen, officious little craft dodged In and out among their neigh bors, streamers and tings afloat, mak ing ready to assist or watch tho spec tacle. Ambrose channel light vessel, a mere minlnturo In tho scene, although cast as a principal In the play, rose tha centre- ot tho great fan-shaped stage. To the north in tho front tier lay Coney Island and Rockawny Beach, Beyond Long Island stretched its tonu ous fingers Into the Atlantic. Weft, ward tho Highland coast of New Jer sey was already being dotted with trains, motor cars and groups of spec tators, enrly comers who sought the choicest points of vantngj overlooking the wldo marine nmphlthcatre. In tho distance, veering on tiptoe from Its standing room In the apex of the triangle, heads disappearing in tho smoky overhanging mist, loomed the nngulnr multltudo called New York City. Before 10 o'clock ro.ncls bf every sort bogan to congregute, keeping a rcHpectful distance fram tho light vessel out of deference to a dusky chorus of destroyers olng duty as trafTIc police. The majority of ' eBe, brilliant with new r.-hlte paint, were prlvato or club yachts and steamed with a show of ostentation from tho mouth of the HudBon. From tho decks of one tho nun's rays Hashed on the ' rument of a brass band. Othor. with pennants aflutter, sailed in from the direction of the Connecticut shore. Idly, like a truant schoolboy linger ing to watch the bright parade, a liner flying a white star in a red field and tho flag of Great Britain, loafed across tho harbor. Idling for a view of the racers which had not yet appeared. A scries of rapid whlta puffs from alongsldo her funnel told tho aerial observers she w oh tooting u greeting to her luckier sisters not enslaved by tho laws of commerce. From tho aerial perch of tho As sociated Press observer the two rival (Continued on Second Pago.) l'lrr t'liln Off Miintlrrllo IMinnrs. 'ST:. 11 tn T!h filn Vor!l ) ' IMONTICI0I.I.O, N. Y., July '17. Montlcello and vlrlnlty Is without tele phono communication thin morning, the result of un early morning fire that gutted Uin building occupied by the Mephone olllrn. Tho night operator, Clienter Wryant, wan compiled to Jump from window. The building was eiecti'j by the Jones Brothers, the founders of the village, over a century

"'Circulation Books Open Kntfri1 Hertind-Clana I'ott Office. Mew Jerk. FLEET GATHERS E F Movements of Yachts From Time They Left Moorings Inside Horseshoe. V. B. DESTROYER GOLDSBpR OUOH, July 17 (by wireless). At 9.35 A. M. a northwest breeze which blew ton to twelve miles an hour off tho Battery petered out In the Lower Bay nnd was very light at Ambrose Lightship. At 9.45 Shamrock started out un der three lower sails and club top sail and without a tow. Tho breete was light from the 'northeast us she slipped out ot the Horseshoe At 10.15 stray airs, mostly easterly, were ruffling the sea around the Lightship. The weather was vor clear and weather prophets predicted more wind from the eastward at noon, which would glvo the yachts a beat off. of the Long Island shqre, a reach toward tho Jersey shore nnd another reach to the finish. At 10.30 It was a flat calm at the Lightship, with no breeze In sight from any direction. Long, sleepy rolls were making In from tho southeast A 11 o'clock tho two yachts In tow, accompanied by tho excursion fleet, with cutters ahead, wero running out to the Lightship. Tho weather con tinued clear and the air lifeless. Tho Regatta Committee announced nt 11.20 that the .....c allowance of Shamrock to Resolute would remain at G minutes 40 seconds for the thirty-mile course. Capt. Burton and Designer Nichol son took a small boat und were rowed around Shamrock near tho Lightship to nee the set of the sails. At 11.30 tho committee hoisted the (Continued on Second Pago.) 'OUR MARY' WOULD HAVE MEN USE 'MALE' PERFUMES Fairbanks Is Dodging His Wife for Fear She May Expcri ment on Him. ' r' ' PA1US, July 17. THH American man should use perfume of tho malo gender f he would rival his Parisian brother In tho favor of the fair, according to no loss an authority on such things than "Our Mary." "Doug" was dodg ing Mrs. Fairbanks to-day for foar she might want to experi ment on her nearest relative. "I always llkid men who used perfume," said Mary. "I wish American men would uso per fume too. If America hod mas cullno perfumes I believe Amer ican men would uso them. You know thcro aro both miusculino and feminine pcrfumca." She produced a sample bottle valued ut f 15 an ounce.

PRIOE TWO CENTS in o nr. at en mew ttoax

MatUr W. r. American Yacht

Windward, Though Challenger Makes Better Speed Long Calm Delays Getaway Nearly 2 Hours. SANDY HOOK, July 17. The official ttarting times wero

1:46:28 for the Resolute and 1:46:37 for Shamrock.

The range-finder of the destroyer Goldsborough at 2.35 P. M.

placed the Shamrock 400 yards ahead of Resolute but 700 yards to

leeward. At 3 o'clock tho yachts were

although seemingly able to make the mark on the part tack. Resoluto was more than a half mile to windward of Shamrock

and less tha nhalf that distance astern.. The wind 'ji created to five knots and it looked like a completed race.

SANDY HOOK, July 17. Resolute crossed the starting line ahead

of Shamrock IV. to-day In the second

ing signal was blown at 1.45 o'clock. The race is over a triangular course, the first leg of which b south east, the second west by south, and the last north by east half east. The course designated takes the yachts at first straight out to sea from the starting line at the Ambrose Channel Lightship, then toward ' Ihf Jersey shore and then back to the Lightship. It gives the yachts a beat windward of ten miles, a broad reach of ten miles to the second mark, a close reach to the finish. Crossing the line, both skippers stood away on a starboard tack, holding as close to the wind as possible. Resolute, which crossed frst in dashing style, seemed to work better to weather than the challenger! Shamrock followed under her lee, starring within a minute and nine sec onds of the defender. 1 , Capt. Charles Francis Adams II., skipper of the Resolute, won all the honors at the start, Soon, after the Shamrock crossed the line she took, in her jibs. Oapt. Adams drove the defender high into the wind so that her jib topsail fluttered. Then he laid her off a bit and she ghosted along in

-urp .sing fashion. The challenger held her own quite well in footing, 'he seemed to fall a little to leeward all the time. 1 1 t With no etmong wind to heel tho EVANS AND WOLFF i vw both atood up Jlke ohuroh

IN HOT GOLF TILT I Two Stars on Even terms for Western Amateur Cham pionship. MEMPHIS, Tenn.. July IT. Chick Evans of Chicago and Clarence Wolf of RL Louis were all square at the ent of the flnt nine holes of the 3(-hola fjnal match here to-day for the ama teur championship of the Western Golf Association. Kvan took the first and flxth holes, while Wolff took the fourtn and fifth. The others were halved, Wlltinr Wrlirht Monnmrnt t'nrclled. LK MANS, France, July 17. The monument here to Wilbur Wright, com- momoratlng his first public (light at Lo Mans was dedicated by prominent Frenchmen and merlcans to-day while alrpMnes flew overhead. The monu-inmi-nt, of granite, about forty fen high, l by Paul I.nndowskl. The shaft Is surmounted toy the flrure ot a man striving to fly through aspace without wingi. nrltlah Ambaaiidir Sees llaee frm v(etorla). OK nOATtO I.IPTON HTKAM YACHT VICTOIUA. OFF SANDY HOOK, N. J.. July 17 (Hy Wlreleaa to the Associated ITCH) Sir Auckland Orddvs, Urltlah AmlmsHidor to tho United Ktiites. canto on board tha Victoria by launch at 1 o'rlork this afternoon. The AttilwiKn. dor'a flag aa flown from the Vic toria's mast head. Vanlun nml liny Arrlvr. Arriving on ttv Celtic to-day from I.lvenpool and Quetrutown were Hurry W. Vardon and K. Hay. Ilrltbih golfers ho have ranked among the lnpnltch era, for years. The two men will enter ton American ovn jsm cuampiimsnipj. On the aumc alilp was James M. Ilarnci, American goiter, who flnbih.vl fifth In the recent intcrnutional golf meet In Knslund, THE EVENING WORLD regrets to announce that it ennnot give information over the telephone concerning .the yacht races. kvwtvvvyvvvvvvvvwvwwwyww

Timicn enrti ' iSJ ELSETTUEBB 9

Works Steadily to atill holdtag the uo4ird tack, international cup race. The start Ten minutca after the start tho yachts wero oouthwest of Loos' Bench, heading east by south parallel along Cha Lonr Island bore. A now touch was trlyon to the Inter national cup racea when a groat naval dirigible, with a flock of smaHor air craft, followed the racing sloops. Hhamrook tried ihard to klU Reso lute' wind at the start and oervoral times tacked on top ot the defender. ' Booh time Adams slipped away by bearing off. When tho starting olg- nal sounded both were to leeward oC the line, with Hesolute heading away; RESOLUTE DOING WELL AFTER QUARTER OF HOUR. 1-1 f teen mlnutea after tho start Ilea- (Jute was , quarter of a mile to windward and holding 'Shamrock well. At 2.05 both yachts were holding- the starboard tack, about neck to neck. Three minute later the defender woo well to weather and Increasing her At 3.10 P. iM. both rachts wre tlll heading for IxWf Island on the star board tack. Itesolute had Increased her wlndivard advantage to one-third of a' mtlo. Shamrock continually snggfd off to leeiward In order to out foot, her rival .but although she forged somowhat ahead, she was too far to leeward to vrollt by it. From tho shore It was seen that tho challenger pitched and rolled1 'i llttlo moro than Resolute, whoso sharp bow slid easily through tha quartering sea. The two sloops were etlU holding on the starboard tack at S.SS. -when they had covered a distance of nearly threo miles from the Lightship. , In the beat to windward the Ameri can sloop clearly outdid her rival,, holding her head higher In the nlr and sailing on tho very edge of tho wind. The rolling sea troubled the challenger not u little, causing her to fall to lee. word. oT overcome this loss Capt. DiUlpn eased hla ship oft a and Ut

A i .,.1.,..,, .J)i


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-07-17, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281512/1920071701/0026.xml ===

17, 1920. 1 V- 8 Boy Author Chatting With Edison And Admiring Some of His Inventions j ONLY ONE LEFT IN IL 2 IMPERILLED BY ELWELL MYSTERY j (Continued I'rotn l'lrst Page.) ( f REST OF IT IN U. S.PLATINUM ROBBERY L !EI

THE EVENING WORLD, SATURDAY, JULY

LIKE HOUSE HAS BAR DICTOGRAPHS TRAP

SHOCKS IN 8 HOURS

W ARY E RE

Thirsty Americans Get All Hooch They Want at Bor der Institution. GLAD TO PAY BiG PRICE. Customers Buy Bottle Goods and Bring Into Maine All , Pockets Will Hold. By Neal It. O'Hara ON THE VOLSTBAD-CANADJAN CLTJD nOrtDEIt, July 17.-Squattlng on tlio dotted lino that separates tho Gtato of Malno from a state of mols turo Is tho greatest llttlo roadhouso that over threw away tho key to tho front door. Tho bird that built tho joint 100 years afro certainly was

loaded with nifty foresight. Ho must

liavo seen that a century later the!tne 1300,000 worth of platinum stolen

United States would bo theoretically parched, and that tho Line Houso woulu bo a great centre of business when n ueh an era come. And his dope was irood. Wherever tho original builder nf thnt liniiDA mm. , ,i . i now saying "I told you so" to 3 fellow angels or fellow Imps. Tho Lino Houso Is In tho midst of mountainous wilderness tltteen miles irom jackman, Me., and seventeen miles from Armstrong, Can. and yet It does as brisk a business as Capt. Chutxmlll ever did In tho days when Uroadway wus wringing wot with I brow. For tho hootch fancier on his

i. ,n , , V" I ounces, worth $11,000; from the noes lust chance for a drink till ho reaches sler & j.iasslacher Company of Perth that grand oasts. And for tho travel- Amboy. N. J., when that company lcr about to enter tho Unit,., i Krntns mm robbed of a large amount.

It Is In theorv tho liuii nr until be reaches the Mexican border. In any event, bo you a real traveller or a mere man with a thirst, U Is a grand chance for the slacking pro cess. tho staff boozo expert, leaving Jackman. lie., In a sturdy llttlu tour ing car, mado tho perilous trip to tho Line House bar lato at night iu a thundering" rainstorm. Tho porUous part of tho trip was not In the chance of meeting with Volstead enforcement officers', but of slipping off the moun tain road und being Uurrod into tho valley. Tho Froycli-Canadlan chauf- J feur, who understood no English but was as smart as they make 'em In arithmetic, undertook tho round trip Journey for 12 $2 extra on account of tho rain. And he earned his fare. PIKE TO THE BORDER IS A ROCKY ROAD. The plko from Jackman to tho bor der lino Is certainly a rocky road to Dublin. Thompson, the guy that con ceived the roller coaster, must have modollcd his thrill works aftflr that

road. For a State that doponds on'beforn wo rmimt. thc proiltecrlns?" Canada for Its hootch supply, Malno Under tho beading of "Put Only Dry has certainly been careless about 'on iSuard," he says: "Ilemember thut

Ucoplng tho road in repair. Any dure d'ovll that takes tho trip in his search for tho grog Is making Paul llcvcro rato with tho Western Union boys. Paul's mldnfght rido never scared up tho excitement that tho Una House Jaunt stirred for us! Tlvo miles out wo wero getting near beer. Ten miles out nnd wo wero getting nearer. Fifteen miles out and the friendly -portals of the Lino Houso loom up llko a red noso on an nnaemlc face. You enter the l.lno Houso via tho United Stntes, but you make for the bar on Can adian aoll. That part of tho house on American territory Is given up to a flrcplaco and reception room. Hut ou tot your reception In tho bar. Tho barroom, where thirsty Ameri cans slako their thirst, Is tho slr.o of a hall bedroom. It has a length of only 10 fcot, over which a torrent of hooch pours all day and night. Thero is only ono barkeep who works at ono time, but ho Is busier than a cor net player playing his tune on tho cush register keys. Thero Is only ono danger that threatens tho scrvlco that tho Line House Is willing to give. Thero now la a law on the stutute books against building any cuch lino houses to-day. No building permit can hereafter bo given for any structure whose roof is to span tho soil of two countries, and whose masthead can fly two flags. ONCE LINE HOUSE DISAPPEARS IT IS GONE FOR GOOD. So lung as this Lino Houso stands as It Is, It is nufo from tho hiwmak- itch Hut once It rilsannrnr It ers ciuicn. nut onto u disappears, It is gone for good and that Is the only worrv thev have. Wherefore It be- hooves the American dummies to do bomethlng for tho cause, if tho wets can't get booze tor tho United States, they can at least provide water and a Arc dep -tment to guard against thlrbty tongue of flame. Or the llrst thing they know, some modern Carrie Nation will be hurling a llgnted torch through tho door which will wreak In order to avoid a congestion of traffic at tho bar no mixed drinks are served there. Vou can get Canadian ales and beers, ryo or Scotch whis keys, or even a Joad of pallid sarsa parilla. It does seem as If carrying soisaparllla wero Ilk., vending' snow-

(Contlnued on fifth Page.)

Prisoners Held in $15,000 Bait Each for Theft at Perth Amboy.

Ilelylng on dictograph records ob tained by placing tho machines In tho home of the suspects, detectives yca torday afternoon arrested Louis atd Krncst Ponghlm) at Perth Amboy Im mediately after their, lndlotment for tho theft of $f.3,000 worth of platinum from the Hocssler & llasslacher Chemical Company there. Tho men were arraigned at onco and plodded not guilty. They wero held In $15,000 bal. each. Thero Is a 3.000 reward for the arrcfit of tho thieves. I Tho robbery was committed Dec. 28. 1919, and detectives havo boon work ing on tho case nlncc. Chemical analysis and other scien tific methods resorted to by detectives Iwerc chiefly responsible In tracing from the Government lost April, and In the arrest of three men, ono a chemist, charged with tho thoft. Rob ert E. Carter and Joseph Fredericks wero arrested last April when they atteml,tcl to 80,1 "PnSe" Platinum to Mow York druggists, and urone. . - ,, ,11,.. ,..V. I"'.. -, la u.,1,1 to have confessed that ho bad ro- eclved the metal from Crone. Ttrv.A .. I ,, . ,lin man wer0 searched, ISO troy ounces, worth approximately 150 an ounce, was found 111 two rubber hot water bot- 1L' "i0 men hnd bcen carrying In a Complaints of thefts of tho metal had been received from the Huronu of. Ntondards. which lost seventy-three , Crone, it Is understood, will plead Innocence when his case Is brought (n lnl nn1 will hnr.A flint Pirt.i. Is nccuslng him in order to shleldi tho real thief, who gained access to tho vault. BRYAN COMES OUT FOR DRY CONGRESS, "If President Doesn't Gntorce the Law, Impeach Him," Says Commoner Editorial. (S;rclal to Tin Krenlnl Wolrd.) LINCOLN', NVb., July 17. The pos sible course of William J. Hryan in the Presidential campaign Is hinted at In the issue of the Commoner to-day. In which ho nays that the thing for tli "dry" to do Is to elect a Congress that In dry. If tho President doesn't lnforc the" law, then Impeach him. In a series of short signed editorial? he takes iasue with MoAdoo's proposal to abolish Presidential primaries and declares for nation-wide primaries for President. Ho alo opposes Sir. Cov's suggestion to repeal the Excess Proflti tax. nnil ask.4! "U'hv reninvii thft tfi?: no President, however wet, can weaken tho Volstead Enforcement Act without the aid of a wet Congress, ltemember also that a dry Congress can by e two third vote Impeach any wet President who by failure to enforce tho Vol steud law violated his oath of office. It Is, therefore, vitally important to elect a dry .Senate una a dry House. Vutti only for dry candidates. If In any State or district both' candidates are pvet. dry candidates should be nominated by petition. Cox,' position has been that Congress can permit an Increase in the alcoholic contents of beverage liquors and weaken the en forcement provision, and his supporter say it should. The thing to do Is to elect u Congress that will not pass such a bill. There is ver little that a President can do if Congress does Its duty." G. C. Calderwood of Minnesota, Vice Chairman of the National Prohibition Committee, hem to attend the con vention next week, says the ticket should be llryaa for Piei-ldeiit and Hilly Sunday for Vice President. HAYS GOING TO OHIO. Will I'roernl In rlilrniro After llririllnu Niitllleiillmi. Will H. Hays, chairman of the lte publlcun National Committee, will at tend a meeting of the executive com mittee of tho N'ntloiml Committee nt Columbus, Ohio, next Tuesday morning, it was announced here to-day at the headquarters of tho National Commit tee. After attending tho Harding notlflea- tlon ceremonies Id Mnrlo'i Mr. lla Hill speuil a ween ai i niniKO. o- 1 00,000 "NViit .Memorial Fur Iloek nit to . Thn campaign to ralao 100,000 to provide a memorial wing for Jlockaway llearh Hospital will be launched, July 29, with the support of every Impor tant civic orisanlzatlon of tlio Itoek I aways. William H. Heynolds U Prel- 1 ' enl oc ine urKniuwumi ruiiimiiiru, -i nu lK j, to bu a memorial to thu boys (J; the Hockaways who gao their lives and those who served In the World War. Ilnlilirr's lrtlin, turtltlni; Wlfi-i IMward JoIuinoii, sixty, wounded In his home, No. 832 Kast 29th .Street, llrooklyn, by a bin- lar July 4. died in Kings County Hospital to-day. M:a. Harriet Johnson, his wife, died July U. Tir,tH u'nrp lMnlen wltn tliti tmft n shotgun seised from Johnson. Pedro Jftngo lias uet.'ii muii-ieu iu connection with the case. Mm. Mlllnii I'll run 111 Driilcx llmlj In lleri. STAM7SOHD. Conn.. July IT. Mrs Lillian Vacuum came here from llo ton to-day and Informed her brother-in-law, Krneiit Wood of 130 .State Street, that the liody exhumed in Ijikewood cemetery, Now Canaan, yes terday, wa not ner's ss Mr. Wood, her sister, hud ascrtcd.

XS Y' c v , fXy From- . jr:.3': j0 f'WcVk JL CHICAGO! ff Jj -t

TrOS. A.EQISON. S- 1

HORACE WADE, BOY AUTHOR, INTERVIEWS THOMAS EfflSOW AND FINDS Hffl "VERY JOLLY"

-f- Wizard Forced to Admit He Can't Invent Way to Stop Rain on 11 -Year-Old Writer's Request. liy Horace Atkinson Wade. (Eleven-year-old author of "In the Shadow of Great FJcril," who is writing his impressions of New York especially for The Evening World.) Copyright. 3D20, by Tho Prets Publishing Co. (The Now York Hvuiilug Worldi.

As I started for Tho Kvenlng World olllce yesterday, 1 did not reul Izo tho day was to bo the record breaker of my whole week here. A record-breaker It surely was. hen I reached tho olllce I was grceled by my flustered companion. otnrted off "Holy smol.Cj- kid," ho with, "guess' what's on tho pro gratnmn for to-diiy7" ! "I don't know," I retorted, calmly seating myself In a chair and begin ning; to rend a impor. "When I loll you It'll simply knock you off your feut. (How could I be knocked off my feet uhon I'm sitting down?) We're going to seo, Thomas A. Kdlson." "Huh?" "Ves' my frlond continued. "Its true." And so this, folks. Is the cause of my story for you to-day. Nearly two hours later I stepped off a street car In "West Orango, N. J having changed from Hio ferry to a Vraiih then from tho train to a car, and saw before mo the vast Kdlson plants. FINDS EDISON PLANTS A BIG CITY IN THEMSELVES. It Is a big city 1" Itself. 1 was first ushered Into a small, olllce. ,vhero 1 was mot by a man who phoned in h..t wi! were there. A few moments later wo wero allowed through the gato and wo walked. !wn " alley. It WaS OVen ClOUIiei- mull hvuii;. Tho only things that suoweii n was a gasoline ulley wero tho smull spots of tar seen in a fow places. Wo then entorod a room, furnished only with a tarn. i" bench and n tlmo clock. This tlmo clock, 1 leurned. Is used hv Hio nion who worked at the plant. Thun I saw at least 100 Kdlson trlklng lnnehlne horns which Mr. Edison has invented. .lust then Mr. Kdlson's secretary entered and asked mo to como with ''lfflgerly followed him, and ho coon brought mo Into the presence of n Inan wlw looked to be about fifty, while In reality he Is Just past seven ty. This distinguished genllemuu whs Mr. Kdlson. Mr. Kuison is a sioui man witn ni red face, has whito hair and is ul- most bald at the top of his head. The ghost of a white beard Is be'nnlng to show. He has blue eyes, i line iuruhuud. a kind face and a pie .ing porbonallty. Hu looked Juit as. 1

: . : :K CAN Ttou J y (Yi1.7

thought ho would. Thero wero no chairs in the room tj which 1 was admitted, and 1 had to interview him Mamling up. MR. EDISON SEEMS JOLLY TO HIS BOY INTERVIEWER. Mr. Kdlson h.ul just come out of hl laboratory, dressed in a white silk mill IIIUL Illtti i.i-u .i n,u,i.i of chemicals. He bent down a lltt lo iu LiiiK IO Ilie, una set-iuuu juiij "Whcro do you como from?" he asked. "Chicago," I said. Mr. Kdlson threy up his hands In make-believe horror. "That's a terrlblo jilaco to como from," he said, making a wry fnce. I felt, because ho hud made such a torrlblo face, that hu mutt bo right and that I should bo ashamed of my self for some reason. "Hut I was born In St. Louis," I explained. Mr. Kdlson shook lila bond, looking vcrv sad. , , "Dear me, dear me why, that that's oven worse!" lie Is a very Joly mnn and Ukos to Joko with every one. I noticed that ho stopped nnd talked with overy one about tho factory yard and '.hat ho knew them all by their llrst names, lie seemed like a personal friend to each ntnn. m wniinm Mendowcroft. Mr. J'.QI- sort's' secretary, was with us while we miked, lie, like ail the men at ino factory, has been with Mr. Kdlson j many years. j Mr. Kdlsnn l now working on n. new Invention, but Mr- Miadowrroft said that he never inld any one what his new- invention would be, so 1 did not usk linn. Mr. Kdlson works hard and works all the time, but ho still seems gay and light hearted as . young m.ui. INVENTOR SHOWS HOW REC ORDS ARE MADE. We worn talking at the entrance to tho laboratory where the Kdison music reonrdH are maue. and Mr. Hdlson took mo Inside the laboratory and showed mo the way the rocords wero made. Tho singer llrst sings Into an Instrument. This Is recorded on . siupI plate "and tho steel platu Is dipped rti a solution. After tho llttlo wavy Hues that thu sound ut the voli o has uinao nuruen in uiu soiutiun me steel plato is used us a mould to press out tho regular black records that we use at home. These are made out of some composition matcri il. As Mr. Kdison moved from machlno to machine showing me how tho work wa none, no nroe on a iiiuo pioco of ono of the steel plates that tho rec. ords uro made Irom and gave it to me. II shall ke.jp this us long as I live, It was i. lining now outside, and I aikud Mr. KUisou If he could rnuUo an

Invention that would stop Cio rain for us. and he laughed and said: "That's one thing that I can't do." "What do you think of this corre spondence with Mars?" I Inuulnd, For answer he laughed and n.ade lejily, "Huh, .ibout as much sons in that as th.ire Is in the wee-J.'o. Wo can't talk with departed spirits." Hut Ins thoughts didn't seem to run along those lines, for ho In'luiicd, "Him n to Coney yet?" "Sure;" was my laconic nnwser. "That reminds me of n Joke once n man came to town to visit his rough t.eek cousin. After he had been hero a day the cousin asked: 'lleun to tho llrooklyn Hridge?' " 'No,' came tho answer. " 'Then you've missed half if your lire. Heen to Coney?' " 'No.' " Then you're dead."' lie laughed heartily over the Joko and I Joined In with him. MR. EDISON'S FIRST INVENTION A NOTE RECORDER. He told me his llrst invention wits a unto recorder. He started tamper ing with electricity lit' tlio age of fourteen.

Tlley say .Mr. Kdison doesn't sleeu I but three hou-M u night mnvlei not. j but ouch 1 saw a picture in a iiihk.i- .y.iiiu wiidi JUI1II IKl ITOU g US. .I T, e m- j tone nnd Mr. Kdlson wero having an outing. Mr. Htirroughs was looking Into tho trees at the hli'ils. fr li'lreMtntm cutting wopd for thn flro and Mr. Hill-I son holy smoke wits snoring so loud the pages of tho magazine Jumped up and down. I don't want hlin ever to Invent a machine that'll keep iioys from sleep ing twelve hours u night, but I do hope he'll Invent a way to makn a boy's stomach hold more hot waffle and maple syrup. And us I write this, (he light shin-I Ing down H orn above sas to me, "Do j uii iuiuw iiiiit mui'ii yuu owe Tiiomas Kdison?" Hut the light from that is not as bright as the light thut shines front Mr. Kdlson's eyes. WANTS HYLAN ENJOINED. Order FoIIiivin Marring uf Hi-purler l-'roio Itimd lli'i'tlng. .Meier Sic Inbi ink, conns. I im Uie HrriiiKlMi Sliiiuliii il I'nloii, lo-.l.r, oii tuint'd hii oriiei nlgut'd uy ttiipi iiif Court .luxtlee Asp null of lhoiikln cull ing iipmi Miiyur H.I. in to riov e-iU'.i nn Jul) 2ii uli a I'-inpor'n y injiim tlon Aliund iioi in. Ikhiji u restrtilnlng the .Mhmh- I'iuiii ilenyliiK a senl at the llleillllKS Of the lloaid Of Ksllllliite III Oliienee. t. Worden, u Slandsrd lT'iiiui ii poller who was )elerdny buued from the meeting by the Mayor. Sleiiiuilnk left court inillltilnilily in .-ervr iiutlee mi the Mli)(ir ut (Illy Hall. Worden chiiiii he was ordered from the Kstlmale room becaiike he wrote mi iiitleb- that did not meet with Mayor II) lap's npprov.il INSPECT 15,103 ALIENS. Iiiiinluriilliiii nt liorlllr Hern lime ii llnny Week, The tola! miniher of aliens inspected ty IniiiiU'i.itlon authorities for the Port of New York for the week. When they lmve finished with passengers nn tho fuiir vessels already In or scheduled to arrive to-day, will bo I&.1U3. Those already examined nutnbnr which l'.752 were steiraffe 11,862. of snd I .'.He i uhln piihsetigers The ships uhon1 3,151 alien pMsiensi f" me . t tu be HkHinlned nrt the President Wlli-on, the Celtic, the Finland and the Frunve.

WomOll aiUi Children Are Met that Ulwell had them. The DIs-I-lnrl W.ill 1 mi I ""let Attorney's olllce wants to ques- i iuri, .ilk Cracked and (lon thls yomv ,vonmn ntld er hs Windows Broken. ,"i- i"'"1 ro understood to bo at present outside tho Jurisdiction of

f.lC VrllAf t.-u ...... . - t.,i. .... v. in ,i ,n, tj illy II. i-.-.,, ,. severe curlhnunKo shocks following each other nf Intervals for olulit hours jt-sterday and last nlKht, created sir-ut excitement through U Angeles and Its suburbs, caused lamane of a minor nature to a number of bulldlt.Bs and injured several men. women and children. Tho first trptnnr nhrw.ls mnfl.li.

from walls and plaster from celling. whe""r u,cro ay connection bo sendlmr four persons to tho receiving twren llor nn'' "tho ",an lrt Brfty " an hospital with minor Injuries. Cracks ""j" l"""0"' . . ne cl , ,e In the walls of a few building ere M0THf " JhL9Br?foeEwLyELL S reported after tho second and third' WEDDING PRESENT, a-akes A piece of cop.n at Market U"-? tlT case "to-day and Main Streets struck a Ilro ulurni thruush tho finding of a cheek mado box. turning In nn ularm. Plato glass payubln to Miss Ullzuheth Clarkson. windows-were broken In tho lator 11 was s'Knrd by KlweJI and. according eurthquakos. l' Bin's mothor, Mrs. IJobert U f liirltHnti nf Mlilivfi,.! nli'ril I .f.ii-fill.-

Tho peode, frightened from oMIces, son, It was a wedding gift from tho of burlap and newspapers. Tho con stores and homos, gathered on'vncant whist expert, who was an old friend tents of a ono gallon can of kerosene lots In tho resldonco districts orot , r.,ullUy- , .M""! C''.l.'i!",on,.WUB wero poured over them. The flro had downtown in tho centro of street In- WmI Lru Na tJ 7 "Prcad to the walnscoatlng and torsectlons, or, when too busy to Street, a young Hnrvnrd 'graduato stairs, and In a few minutes would stand still, walked down tho cimtro "M(1 former United Stntes Army officer havo gone up tho stairway to every of tho streets. ( ln .$ncl,$" '" a,W"un,,?1,th "oor. T" P""" nnd firemen said A water main was reported broken honio of the brldo's sistiTi'MrsI'l'ranl'c tlley nnd "ecn a moro dellb- In 11111 Street, between First nnd Sac- A. It. Washburn, No. 52 Knit 7th cruto attempt to burn a building, ond Streets, In tho heart of tho busl- Street and tho oermnony was per- N0 member of nny of tho seventeen ness tllstriot. A part of tho retain. L,nT ..Vy..f'. i1"':.1' V"M t'rt.wder of fnmI-R .,,, n for

llii- wan fit tlin pntnitiPA in thn Mill " ctllc Klectrlo Hallway nnd thu city, caved In." Iluslness In many ostnhllshmenti was brought to u standstill after thn third shock, and thirty minutes later tho crowds wero still gathered In tho strcujH, cither fearful of returning to work or Interested In learning the c tent of the damage. Perhaps tho greatest clamors c.uno from tho prisoners: In theCoimty and City Jails. In tho tormer 100 pris oners felt thu morning shock with comparative calm, but berame vio lently excited at thu Hist of tlio two i. the afternoon. Kor hours tho iccelvliig hosplt il train tallied by llui city was ciowded with women and children, most of tliem having fainted in tho excite ment uf the tietnors. Some, how ever, suffeied mom serious uccldotit'i. Threw Girl's Bag Out of Window ot Subway Car Mi.iiiiiJtl PasMMiRer Thought She Had" Left Train, but She Only, Went to Ask CiuarJ a Question. "I'm no pickpocket, Your Honor. I'm Just u plain tailor. I was trying to bo a hll inthroplst but never again on that stuff for mo. Any ono win leave a safe open in front of my door and f won't touclt-lt. Iliirijlars can Jimmy it right thoru and all I'll do will bo to stand In my doorway and say, 'Go as far as you like.' Ilo Uevo me. I'm through touching other poupln's money." Mux Kotlm, tailor, of No. 13 Cast lOltli Street, was voluble In his di -nlul buforo Magistrate t'urrigan m West ijldt) Court to-day that win n ho throw from a subway car wlndnv thu handbag of Dura Drown, colored, of No. 55 Vnllcy Houd, Dronxville, last night, he had aught In mind other than to icstoro tho handb.i.g with Its contents of 9 IU and a pair ol shoos to the owner, whom ho sup posed had alighted. Dora, at the 7'.'th Street station of the Seventh Avenue, subway, went to the door to usk the guard a question, leaving her handbag mi tho seat. As the car was leaving the station Kotlm seized the bag ami hurled It through the window. II Is believed It passed through another window Jntu nil ex i press train thundering by. "Wlieic's nn handbag?" demanded flora, returning her Mini. "I Just threw II through the wln- (low," explained Kotlm Dora had a llim hold of tho tailor's

uecktln at the next statiiui and Po-j Hospital attaehr hurried to the river liremiui Patrick Orlllln urrested him fronl and a seRrehllgnt swept the water, on her complaint. In tin. Night Court A clirik-up at the ho.pltal showed that he was held until this morning, audi"" on" w'smlJMlng there. he Sient the night In a cell at tlio ' ' " 3

West Sixt -eighth Street Htiitlnu. Isullni told the I ourt lie il rathi r pay Horn all the money xhe hmt I linn to Sing Sing He was iliirhnrgeil ..ml fiiiiii a fat mil of lull.-, handed the Hu go man IU. TOLD TO STOP LIQUOR SALE.' ,lerm Proeeii(iir eiiils Letter.. In ! 'I'll I rl !! I'nllee ChlefN, I Prosecutor (ifiiten of Hudson l 'mini y to-da Hint letim-s to the police chiefs of the Ihliteen munici palities In the count) culling llielr attention " the pulmshed letter of Samuel Wilson, agent of the Now Jersey Anti-Haloon l,i uguo, und lie- manding that I he pouch at unco tuko eitective measuies to stop the illicit liuuor trafle. He also aikiinwledged receipt uf Mr. Wilson's letter and In his reply advised Mr. Wilson thut he would bo glad to rtcolve assistance from lilm in making prusi cuticns. (1 r I li' Ilriinh Imlliir Hnspllnl. lariat r Alma ..'Net. man, eighteen, of No. 41 j Hast l-3'l Stiiiet, wlio on July j drunk Iodine, at the noiei tiregorian in an alleged suleida paet with Prank llran u iu. Miauled InsuruiKe Hgent. Iu llelleviie Hospital io .i.i)' in ner iiinthiir s , ..iiip.n.v. i iianii'iii, who mm.' at iit-iia.. Mia- tiled pi Jump frum a rtllnlnw, u Ing ii. w.u 'tired .if living without my iVvuDieuit," l-ft thc hospital Thursday,

. A number of women have been bn,Ufllt ,, tr,0 c(ue lhU!) fnr by de- ncrlptlon only. In homo of theso In- stances the Invcstlpatont know tho nnmes but hnvn withheld them from I""'"110" a mnurr OI r p.-,. ,I,er'' lmve not bw" ' cn,l,le,lMat ,10,nbly 11,8 ' w,M,mn Kr?y, "h0 nan wi) nienuuniy iiii'iifciunc-ii 111 ktio llrst few days' after tho murder. - I. illllllL'n n r.lllNCtUUI I I 111! rt rt I Inlir '"""""''i" i hip iwu ramnuyi wore tion afterward, to which a fow closo menus wero mviieti. .Vt her home at Tlvnli...n.iti..i.

Mrs. Clarkson told nn Kvenlng World tho Flro Mushul completes his Inves- i.Mll0.oti"L7f. U'"i frl!'',,,H,ll between ligation. During the rest of the night Klwell and her daughter. , , i. . ?,, "Joe and Kllzubetn wore tho best feiT the Uull,llnK ,rlpJ to sleop i f friends," sho said, "nnd had been They sat at windows, In chairs In the ror a long time. The $200 check was halls, or on the roof, sent to her with a noto saying Joo didn't know what In tips world to give nri i-t k kmc tnx h.-r for a wedding present and so ho POLICEMAN S ARM was leaving thn selection to her. i nnnf cm nv iiitA Doth my husband ami myself thought! BROKEN BY AUTO It was a very nlco nolo. i

"i;il7.alieth and Joo weio toi-ptlinr a great deul at Palm Di'nch. They were at those parties which every body knows Joe used to give to his friends. Their friendship was sim ply a line feeling between an elderly man aniPa young' girl. Ho was old i noiigli to be her fafher." QUIZ CHAUFFEURS TO-DAY ON "MAN IN GRAY." In his search for tho "mnn In gray" Mr. nollng expects to question again to-day the chauffeurs who huvc g. ured In tho Klwell Inquiry. Theso Include llender, tho dilver who took the Kowlsohn patty home, nnd Wal ters, tho negro chauffeur, who says ho took thu "man in gray" to Kl well's home. Walters has been con fused Iu some of his statements, but tho District Attorney's men bellcvo ho took some one to Klwcll's the morning of the murder. Octavlo Plgiieron, tho South Amer ican Journalist, who was with Klwell and tho Lewlsohns, wus questioned again yesterday by Mr. Doollng, who wanted to learn moro about tho man ner In which Klwell loft tho party, und If uny of the members witnessed an attack on Klwell In front of tho theatre. Mr. Klgiieiou added noth ing to his provlous story. A despatch from Cincinnati to-day quotes Federal otllclnls us saying that their Investigation falls to connect Klwell with any illegal whiskey transactions In thnt district, which includes Lexington, Ky. EMBARGO ON LONG ISLAND. (iiimenlliiii llnra Mit Shipment III llimli h lek Vfirdw, The Ixing Island ltallrnad Company has announced a temporary embargo on all shipments to tho lliishwlck delivery yards In llrooklyn. Them are a few exceptions, Including livestock, food, (loverniiic nt fielKht, seeds, ugi (cultural Implement!!, spraying material and coal for railroad use The embargo Is dun to rongedlon. Thero ale SOU Cars at the terminal. Tim roiiipuiiy claims the only per manent lemedy would lln in closing two strutds to piovldo more yaid room. CRY IN NIGHT FROM RIVER. 1 1 y for help, apparently coming fioin the Hast River, was heard by nurses, doctors and patients at Hello - !vae Hospital at ! o'clock thii morning, GIVES BUSINESS AWAY TO ESCAPE BIG RENT BOOST Kiwh (.iii:iiin;iti Jeweller Turns Stuck Over to linipliiecs and (Juits. llsaiiail to lir Uvelliliif WailiJ I CINCINNATI, July 17 ACCORDING to nn announce inept to-duy tho large and costly stock of Jewelry and bric-a-brac of JvMwarU C. Wet ten -gel at onco becomes tho property of th ISO employees at his ntii ostubllshm'ont In Raco Bti"U an a result of Wuttotigel's desiiu tu uscupe from an alleged pi "Ut tering lundloril who had given him notice of a Jump iu rental from 1 19,000 to jaf.,000. Wettengel's frlonds, prominent merchants and others In tho lash lonabli. .shopping district, had car ried on a campaign through the dully newspapers ugalnst tho big rent Increase, but without avail, and to-day's reniarkablo movo by the lined and wcalltiy tiiurchanl Is the rowult.

Families Roused From Beds Flee Over Roofs From Burning- Tenement.

Pose Ueckman, sixteen, awokn at 2 A. M. to-day to find flatnes crack ling outside tho door of hr parents apartment, on the second floor of No. 7g Chrj.st0 street. Her cries of "Flrcl" filled thr hallwas of the six story building- -with half dressed men, women and children. Many of the hum!r! or more oc cupants went down file escapes or to tho roof, but cnotiKh remained to . form a bucket brigade and put out thc flames. When Pollcemnn Oeonre Ostnr of the Clinton Street Station had lieen called In to look over the situation, he said Hose had been for tunate in wfiklnfr when sho did. ' On tho stnlrwny landing of the sec ond floor had been placed a quantity " -.- - r r- - the firebug's work. No one has been dispossessed, and they are all on good terms with tho landlord. A fireman was dotalled to remain on guard until Driver Halted at Pistol's Point vA'hcn He Drives On After Accident. Patrolman Raymond Ames of, tne Kast 126th Street Station is In Harlem Hospital In a critical condition with !t fractured arm, contusions of the body , and Internal injuries, reeelvcd early to-day when he was run down at Lex ington Avenue and 123th Street by on automobile operated by Uahrlel Culg. lone, nineteen, of No. 00 Hast lOltli Street. Patrolman Edward Oalvin, who was at Turk Avenuo nnd 125th Street, stopped Culglone, tho police say. nt In point of a revolver. Joseph Schnttncr, twenty-sewn, of No. 273G Webster Avenue, tho Droux. driving his father's 'automobile on Pa. k Avenue at lClith Street, collided with a inotorcjclo operated by Herman Wohl, twenty, of No. 1314 Ilrook Avenue, breaking Wold's leg and Injuring Jcanno lioldner, soven, of No. 1413 Kast lS6tli Street, who was on the sidewalk. James Strong, fifteen, of No. 41S West &7th Street, was taken to Mower Hos pital lato Inst night with a fractured leg, received when ho fell from nn nuto, owned by John Johnson of No, 337 Kast 41th Street, while It win passing through fSth Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues. RIVERSIDE DRIVE CROWDS WATCH FIRE The storag warehoiue of-the Midland I.lnieed OH Company at Itlver and Ddgcwater Itonds, Udgewatcr, N. J.. burned last night. The loss amounts to about tlOO.000. Much Unseed and linseed oil was destroyed. Company nlllclals believe the fire was ktarted through spontaneous combus tion. Tho flro departments of Pallsadu. For L.ee, West New York, Drentwood. Cllffsldo and Kdgewatur fought the blaze. Throngs and residents on Riverside Drive watched the spectacular blue. WEAR GL0VES,C0URT WARNS t nn Won't lit Simiireteil of l'lct Inic I'nrUrlN, r Trll Primmer, Iiuls (lozaollo of No. 201 H Jeter street, kiiI. I to have nerved six years in ' Atlanta and Oulumbua penitentiaries, ' and his wife. Uoldle folden. were given j six months In the workhouse to-rsy by .MaKlstratn Corrlgan for attempting to pick the porket of a. man In tho WVo hawkeii ferry terminal. The ititviulad victim disappeared Jiut after di'tectlves miiile the arrest. Tne deli ndants sall tlis eawi wus a "frame up." "Welt," said tho Court, "the next time you have liberty you want to tviuy safe My advice Is. Wesr gloves. Then nobody can suspeet you." lulled 'Intra, in llnr :t ilium m ill HriiaiNvlM riiiiternnera Thn lnteni.it iiuiul Financial Coii-ureM.-i was to be m-ld in Drusscls Juiy 2H. It was t.. iliseils- etunointc joii . ditloim "f the variuut nations. Tin I'nlteil Statis wis iu nave In on re.ii irseiiii d uiintlleiallv by three rtpiu. .eiitiliM '' emmms liur rek-eii.l kiivi'l.iU urr Joy Imj&i hut nut a rl and milre liitu the rnd- iit-llie-weel. Ie-tllltle. Tn llirini MILLER'S 5EVt' JV COMENIENT STORES I'JI llroiidnuv At I an a I -I. r.ll.'i liroiidiir AI Spinns II III llriuldnH ai lll,.ui kvr St 7 1- llroudnnr At Anr I'lace, 4 IO llroudwuv At 4 1st Ht 1IIIIS llrmidnuT I .11 .l.l-Ml1 111, lUtwrell Itii'lliiuui ll. Ann , Kver i'i.uiiu Hox t'ontalu IU uuiices of iSndy 8t.


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-08-17, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237281512/1920081701/0518.xml ===

M'GRAW COUNSEL DEMANDS ROW INQUI HIGH JUMP IN OLYMPIAD WON BY NEW YORKER REDS DEFEATE EGIN WIDE OFFENSIVE To-nlflht'a weather FAIR. ToTTiorrow'g weather FAIR.

"BABE" RUTH'S OWN LIFE STORY

9 WW I WaaVaml

KS3 - "fc," RSI

VOL. LXI. NO. 21,512 v Fallon Wants Quick Investiga tion "In Order That the Innuendoes May Stop." COMEDIAN NO BETTER. Actor's Condition Grave, Be cause He Fails to Rally, Says Dr. Hollis. William .1. Kallon, fornipr Assistant District Attorney of Westchester Coun ty and now or tho law firm ot Kalhm & McGoo of No. 149 .Proadway. lias Wn retained by John J- MeOrnw, manager of the Giants, according to notice served by Mr. Fallon this after noon upon District Attorney Swann and Assistant District Attorneys Cn gcr and Marro, In connection with the coao growing out of tli fight in tho Lambs' . Club and tho Injuries lat.er miffered by John C. Slavtn. the actor. &lc(l raw has suffered from pub-

M'GRAW COUNSELASKS SWANN FOR IMMEDIATE GRAND JURY INQUIRY IN SLAVIN INJURY . $;

ncty in a manner thai fuel, do not,tht a

warrant, Fallon declined In demand ing of Mr. Hwaiin that the whole mat ter be turned over Immediately to a Grand Jury or to a city Magistrate "in order that Innuendoes may stop." "Postponement Indefinitely of tho inquiry Into tho injury that befell John C. Slavin," said Fallon, "is par ticularly inopjwrtuno because of the widespread publicity that has been given this unfoitunnte and u-gietlablo occurrence. The position occupied hy McGraw might in some way account for the extensive comment upon this matter, but can hardly sultk-o to ex plain the reason for advancing vari ous veiled accusations against him. "The Injury that befell Hlnvln was absolutely accidental and involves neither moral nor legal guilt upon the. part of any one. Further than that, MoC.raw 1:1 no way jmrtlclpated In this happening nor In any way contributed to it. "In view of the suggestions that havo ibeen mide, without any founda tion whatsoever, it seams 'only Just and fair that this matter be pro ceeded with at once, lest the public be loft to believe that iin absolutely ' accidental occurrence Involves some criminal or reprehensible act. "McGraw's only desire is to vindicate himself against these In nuendoes, nnci 1 havo asked that the District Attorney proceed to a ful investigation and. If possible, to bring an Indictment so that these Intangible accusations may assume a more con crete form In order to enable Mo draw an opportunity to refute tho wane. "If the District Attorney be unable to proceed with this mattur before the Grand Jury, an investigation might be had 1 etorc any City Magla- (Contlnued on Second Page.) Classified A doer Users Important! Classified advertising copy for Tho Sunday Woitd should be In The World office On or Before Friday Preceding Publication Early copy receiver trw'profrrenc when Sunday advertising hn.i to be omitted. Late advertising I now omitted for lark of time to set It. THE WORLD.

DAILY. Copjrillit. 1020, by Co. (The New GIRL SHOT DEAD AS SHE CRAWLS El Iftillets Pierce Body in Seeking Safety in Well After Leap on Fence. Mary Vellnto, nineteen years old. "f I.yndhurst. N. .1.. was shot ai.d killed at S o'clock this morning bv r. rejected aititor. who came there from .Syracuse, N. V.' The girl Jumped from the second story window of her home at N'o. :nt "Naples Avenue, to csenne him. hind. ( nR on . I))ck,,, f,.nc,., pnlnfullv In Jured, she wu crawling toward nn abandoned well In the rear of tl.. llnllMfv llltnml tli. ... 1,1,1.. I.. I. Pnqunle Melone. thirty yours old., n travelling salesman, ran 'toward ha' firing from a revolver. Seven shuts were llred. One struck tho girl in the abdomen, the others lodging in her breast. She died In stantly. MeJone lied and Is being sought by police of Hutherford and Hergen County ntllclnls. ,V citizen posse Is being formed. ' ' It Is believed Melone has fled to the swamp, a quarter of a mile away, bordering tho banks of the I'assalc Itlver. Dogs may bo used In the search. Olllclals say that In case of his capture" Melone will be heavil.v guarded against violence. The police loirned that Melone in rived at Rutherford on an enrl.v morning train and tool; a taxlcab to I.yndhurst. Tho Velloto girl had been a sweet heart of Melone In Italy. She came to this country In March and since that time Melone had called on her whenever his bup'ness trips 'brought him near New York. It was 'said b. Mrs. Michael Velloto, tho girl's sister-in-law. that soveral we.oks ago Mars refused to havo anything morn to do with Melone and 'told him he nover wanted to sco h'm again. Melone'? attitude then became threatening Mrs. Velloto said. When Melone walked tnto the Vel loto homo this morning 'ho accosted the girl and again asked her to marrj him. according to the sister's story. .Mary ordered him out of tho house, and when be would not go, ran ftp stairs. Mrs. Velloto tried to prevent Melone Irom following, but tie pushed her out of the way. .Mrs. Velloto ald she beard a atrug glo and saw tho glrl'a body (lash bj tho window. Mrs. Velloto rushed out to see tho girl on the fence, crj ing from pain. Melone ran down I he rear stairs anil Into the yard. The girl had gained the well and was lifting the cover to lot herself into It when the shots wore llred. When the police found the drtvoi of tlm taxicab, Charles Whitman, lie said he had mot Melone at Huther ford, and had been ordored to wait wlule Melono went Into the Velloto House. Melone was gone about ten min utes, he said, reappearing in an ex citing condition. Whitman said he had inn heard the shots. Melone was running and went pastthe taxieub as If e bad not seen It. "Don't you want a taxi?" Whitman shoutisl. Melone entered the cab. lie told Whitman to "drive to the tube," but did not say which tube. About a mile fu'it.hnr on, near North Arlington. Melone stoppod Whitman and, getting out, run into the woods at the road side, ftrat paying a fare of three dolUrs.

"Circulation Books Open to AIL"

The Vrr Publishing York World). E 10 L Memhers of Detroit and Red Sox Teams Stirred- by Chapman's Death. DANGER IN FAST BALL. Col. Ruppert Declares Pitchers Cannot Be Held Respon sible for Accident. HOSTONV Aug. 17. ICven before i the death of Hoy Chapman thero wasl action among , members of the Ited Sox and Detroit teams in this city to I inn Inn Carl Mays from organized baseball should the Injury to Chap man prove fatal. Feeling In both clubs , against Mays has run big!! since the light lf the magnates by whiuti he was transferred to Nei York after detertlng the Ited Sox. The Hed Sox had u cluhhousc meeting after yesterday's game to discuss ,the Injury to Chapman. Out fielder Menoskey satd an agreement wu-s reached to petition Johnson to have Mays ruled out of the American .cogue; It was also agreed that If he iv ere not ruKxl out no member of tin team would go to tho plate to b.i; against him. Ty Cdbh of the Detroit team spoke approvingly of the action of the Bos ton players. 'Oscar Stanage, veteian catcher for letrolt, said tho Detroit players had nlrusdy discussed action similar to that of .tho Doston players The high-speed underhand dellverv of Mays has frequently caused com plaint nmong batters of opposing clubs and charges that he was Ignor ing tho risk of injuring them in the efforts to drve them away from the plate. Col. Jacob Ituppert, on being shown the above dispatch here to-day said: "Many players get hurt In baseball, and I don't see how liny wn hold Mays responsible for j.steiday's un lortunnie aicldt'nl. There In no ground for any belief that Ma hit Chapin.m intention. ills . There Is not the slight est ground In my estiinat;on for ans such action as is retiorled as being planned hy the Boston and Detroit players." CHAPMAN KILLED BY PITCHED BALL; MAYS IS CLEARED Wife Prostrated by- Death of Cleve land Shortstop Hit at Polo Grounds. The body of Ilaymond Chapman, the first lug league ballplayer to be (Continued on Second Page.) AMERICA LEADS IN OLYMPIAD ANTWERP, Aug. 17. America maintained its lead In the Olympic Qamcjand nt the end of to-day's con tests the icpre wasi America 68 1-2, Finland 34, Eng land 19, Sweden 13 1-2, France 12, South Africa 4, Esthonia 2 and Nor way 1. ANYTHING TO J300ST MILK. dice of inllK to the coiKiiiner limy have to he raited l rauw of the pro posed 21 per cent. Increase in tho frelght'i'iite on fluid milk. II. A. Cronk. vice president of Borden's predicted to duy. lie wild the pioposi'd increase would add between t250,UOO und S 1.110(1, 0110 lu the delivers costs of liis.conipaiiy alone. I'iKUied on each quail, he nld, one quarter to one-third of a cent would be added to the cosl to Hie distributim; company. Other coxte added cull for uicrtoav in price to me cuiuumer,

First Photograph of A. T.Walker, Heir to $50,000,000 Searles Estate

Taken Especially for The Evening World To-Day by a Staff

L JUMP IN OLYMPIAD: ! SETS NEW RECORD New York A. C. Entrant Makes 1.94 Metres Americans the Second and Third Places. OLYMPIC STADIl'M. ANTWKItP, iug. 17. It. W. Ixmdcm of the New j York A. C. won tho Until In tho high Jump of tho Olympic gumcH hero to day and In so doing established a now Olympic record. Lamina's Junip was 1.91 mctroa. The former Olym pic record was 1.93 metres. KUoltind of Sweden and II. II. Mai ler of the Olsmplc Club of San Fran cisco wore tied for Mroml place at 1.90 metre. John Murphy of the Multonmnith A. A. C. of Portland, Walter Whalen of tho Iloflton A. C. , und IS. Howard Baker of Uroat Britain were tied for fourth place with Jumps of 1.85 metres. Landon had some dllllculty when the 'bar was put nt 1.S0 metres, lie cloarud it. only on the third ulieiupt. The Jumping was from, the turf. .Mov ing picture men crowded the field at Lindon'R victory, while tlm oilier1 AmuflcAn Jumiiera' enntrnitulaual the winner. Tv?o .Swedes, the ICngllshtniui T. J. Cwroll, and one Frcncimun went out before the bar Has put ut 1.85 , ' (Continued on Second Pok.j I.IIirrlv llnniN, HoimIii rmirt gitt Jcbji UuU Lu., el liivtdvtr.-Alii.

TAKES TUBE TO JOB Arthur T. YYalker, Legatee of Searles Fortune, Is Part of Subway Rush. Among tho' othor clerks who cllmbod out of tjie II. It. Ti unbwny at Wall Street to-dny nt the hour when financial district clerks go to work was New York'a only ?50,00l),ouo olerk, Arthur T. Wnlkor, following his daily groove om unfalturiugly, un emotionally as though ho had not In herited tbo vast bulk of lidward F. Kearlos's estate. Tljpht-lippod and deaf to the q'ues tlona of rportein,' he steered straight unead to ula modem little niehc in thp olllreti of tho Pittsburgh & Hhaw uuit 1 tall road, No. 71 Broudvvns, I where he Isolated himself aft' i giv- ing voice tu exactly five words: "You are wasting your time " Ho relused to sec anyone excepiic nn blisln piiialnlng to. the rliuili oatute. it was salil by one who knew him, if It can be wild ihui anyNiu knows this wdf-effaolng heir to mil lions, thai he duos not eunnlder hlm aelf lu he liKht Of Searlna's heir, bill as a manuglnii olark of the depaitcd millionaire, devoted to currying out the wishes of Seurba us exactly ,ut tliougli the testator still lived and as Impersonallv as though not a cent of the $.11). 000, 000 was loft In him Mr. Walker is not devoting any of (Continued on Kecond Page) At infill lirtweeli melds OH. IIHI'HU' KIJXIVHH IlcfusbiM stlmuUtts jiuurlsljc, A0u

JUST AS ANY CLERK

"Circulation Books Open 20.

Knteml n grroniKClnM Matter 1'o.t Office, New York. X, Y.

CLOSE AT HAND IN TENNESSEE HOUSE Chamber Is Crowded With "Suffs" and "Antis" as the Debate Is Opened. NEW BATTLE OF ROSES. Thousands of Yellow and Red Flowers Worn by Repre sentatives of Each Side. N'AHIIMII.LK, Tenn.. Aug. 17v 1- bato on adoption of a resolution pro posing ratification of the Federal Suffrage Amendment was opened to day In tho Lower House of tho Ten nessee legislature with -prospcntH of a vote within a Xow bout's." Tho Sen ate already Iin adopted tho ratifica tion resolution. Standing room -was at n premium when the House met. Corridors of the Capitol wore crowded with those who arrived too lato to squirm their way Into the Chamber, but they rnnuilned. Tho thousands of yellow roses worn tv tho suffmglst and crl'inson loses worn by their antagonists and flow era of similar hue displayed through out the Chamber und on tho desks of tho membors, put a touch of color to tho scone. It was a second "win of the roses," as one suffragist ex pressed It. Oov. Cox has wired friends hore that ho will como nt onco to Tennossrc If his prosenco Is desired to put S;'f rago over. He sutd ho would cuncel all "ie. engagements to como horo and work for Suffrage The House got Into n wranglo over whether or not to clear the floor when the session opened. Hoproseiitntlve Hanover. Huffr.ige leader, asked suspension of tho rulos. so spectators might remain. Tho mo tion lost rl to 45, a two-thirds vote being necessary. A motion that nowspjipermon 1- perinltt.H) to remain on tho floor at their accustomed dosks was carried by a viva voco vote. In discussing the resolution, Hopro seiitntlve ltlddlck gave the name of National and hState - leaders who fa- jir Suffrage, Including President Wilson and the Presidential eundl- datt, challenging Ills opimncnts to name leaders of the opposition. Itepresenlatlvo lloyer nrjruiM il would degrade women to gvo thoin the voto. Itopresentallvo Cnnale declared women could pucify American poli tics. '.Shouldn't woman who work have the vote tho sHjne as negroes?" ho ile mnnded. "Don't hUlo balnnd tae cloak of constitutionality." KcprostiJitatlvc Simrpe said he ctiuld not votu for Suffrajfe bwuMiHe of large negro' populations in other states of the Houtll. Head About Him In Sweethearts for Three By 'Roger Batchcldcr A Grippinq Novel of "East Side. West Side, All Around New York." Beginning Monday, August 23 In The Evening World

to All.'l ON WARSAW; TCI

BIS BEATEN IN DRIVE

French Tanks Give Efficient Aid Reds Reported Forced Back Across' the River Bug Battle Extends Over Front of Nearly 200 Miles. v WARSAV, Aiiff. 17 (l A. M.) (Associated Press). The Russian! pressure upon Warsaw lias been relieved, according to the official Polish '

communique, just issued. Gen. Pilsudski directed the counter-stroke that 1

effected tliis relief, it is said. . The stateihent says the Bosheviki, vho had planned to cross trie ','1 Vistula southeast of Warsaw in the region of Maciejowice (thirty-five miles from the capital), were forced back.

Theriglit wine of the fourth resistance at nock vimrty-two miles istAiice at Kock (thirty-two miles t.n . I rmi'LT aiu capmrea some cannon ' OF ILL ST. HOUSE Shipment From Milwaukee Vanishes in Chicago on Way Here. Thiougl 1. dls.wttches from Chicago ?nrued to-day that $200,000 t wax lea worth of bonds mailed from Mllwnu kee to Paine Wslrtier .1 Co., brokers at Nn, 25 Wall' Street, had Wn stolen from the malls, presumably Whllo the registered imckage In which they were shipped was being trans ferred In Chicago. The MllwnukeH lintimh of the houso mailed tho iMinds July In a heavy inatHIa wrapper son led with wax in several, place. The legtel-rv roisirts ejlilhled the Post Offliro IllllhorlUos to lonru that the package had boen rt- colved nd signed for In Chicago anil the package was then apparantlv In tart. I'nlne. WohliHr &. Co." here had been lotlfled to expect the iiackago July 31. When It did not arrive, the Post Offlca was asked Xug. 2 to trace It. .Vdvertlst-ments were Hitid in Chi cago oPforlng a jr.,(HW rBwinil tur their iwovei y. This Is the mtoiuI large rolrts'ry of Ponds mailed from .Milwauk.-i, hrough Chit ago within three montlis. LONG SHORE STRIKE FINALLY SETTLED Dttckmen Agree to Return to Work at Oik-e - Terms Not Made Public. 'ooatwlse longshoremen, minWs of the Inntcrnatlonal longshoremen's As scs'lntlon. who havo bneii pti strike iinf last April, have voted to return to work t once, It whs announced hore lo-Uy tiy Capt T. V, O'Contier. l'resl lent of the association. The torms under which Hie lougsliore ns n will return to work weru not made public'. MOMXoit simivtiii Kii.i.un. MVMTIC. i "01111 , ug. 17. --Cupt Anion Uamphere, seenty-one, one of the last Survivors of the cifw of the Monitor, was killed here to-day vvlmn he fell iwenty feet while njIntlUK a linus. Ilia skull fi'Hciiii'i it He had Iwvn I j. wen kiiow .uuniiv i oast sKiipr. (Racing News on Page 18.)

EDITION Hi - " war .vamml PRICE THREE CENTS, POLES LAUNCH Polish south of Siedlce) took 200 Rubn; south of Siedlce) took 200 Russians' and fourteen machiiie guns. f Tile COmmUnlaUa annnun... U.4 . . . I , the Poles in followino up their coun- ter-offenslve to relieve the oressura

,on Warsaw have advanced along tho entire northern front. They have"' 'pushed the Russians beyond th.'

Wyrn River and regained Clechanow, the Soviet forces retreating whllV'.

"-..n aviators fired on them with, ; machine nuns. . t. lighting contlnui In the riHon of L Itadxymlu, to the northeust ,f w,..

'saw. thfc Hint. .,,.. . '

WAUHAW, Aug. 1 (ti st, Aoso-?'! 'X oluted Press). Tho llusslan SovJot'jM bold U1Hm tho gates of Warsaw hsj3 . 1 betin broken, uccordlng to Allied of--' A fleers hoie. - ' ' The PolUh ralini...,..H.... '

ola.ed to bo i Mil sway ut vriV,J ,Ki,t with the Soviet fo.-cVfuW!

hack in confusion. .nt.'.'ifjf

- ... ... nr u

reneweu irn. nt kv'a,.

rront Uiut the i'ronoh wero lakln:.ttt 3 mor prominent part lu tho guidance! : of the I'ollith army. . Weyana- Is said to be the Cenornl responsible "' for tho now tactics now being; em- Idoyed to rMl the invaders. , . ( Modurn linpjuntjitj of war un- .. drtmincKl of in the duys of KouciUsako k '-: and other defenders of Warsaw welo .'- bolng brought into play to-diiyVv agulnst the invaders of Poland Xrota'' tho liast. Thiiro weio nii-planoa ofl' lug invuy on bombing raids upon thaT Soviet fotces prtwsUig ulH)tx lhe ci$?MS gate, tanks wlilch had seen scrvioeT ' in l-'rance und cannon which wltij' l" onu Bhot could stuitter nemo of War- ' saw's buildings, which hava etood mom than 150 years. Thero wero also armored sjveed boats on the Vis-' tulu armed with machine gun, the ' dreiul of modern duy soldiers.

Implements of these typea aro not ' horo In groat numbers. ,but thero ura homo, with other typea In addition, ' many of which were stmniifwf w Allies according to agreement. Dur-'- Ing to-day tonka crept through th streets, heartening tho ' population J At intervals, too, marched frcah Vrf-" funt ry just from the training nuari''' ters. ir: llrenynumtberfl of Russian BovlftV' prisoners reaohed Warsaw this nfL ternoon, no of wiliom had teon in Iwittlo this morning, Thoy como in . groups ot twonty or thirty and soma tiuuM in drovtts of hundreds, attrACt' lug enrwdfl of the capital's rosldonW'- out for a Sunday afternoon atrollyv The prisoners wore uniformed In dull ush colored Jumixors ajd trousers'-. ' bMuiIng reAWnblunco to laborers emerging front a steel mill, Tho sound of cannon wan plainly uudlblo i Uib distance, but it was distinctly that of field artillery. Spited ; ful explosions of,. 77 shells wero fre'

quent, but tho houvy booming pfe .210'., ,3S0's and .420' a woo aboolutdA'S looking, giving the Impivneton of

raiolaturo war as compared 'with.

4 ... . .-uaL;. HatuLjirl 1 ii iVlij'tii i.I.i.,i iO-Jfd


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-09-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280763/1920091601/0008.xml ===

19 SSKgi To-night's w.athr-FAIR. OsNlL' To-morrow'. weather FAIR AND COOLER s&s amu

Circulation Books Open to All." , . .

I "Circulation Bootes Oven to All.

VOL. LXI. NO. 21,537 DAILY.

Cprlht, 1050, br The Pmi roMUhtna; C. (The New York World).

Scene at Wall Street Front of Morgan's Office a Few Minutes After the Terrific Explosion

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1920.

Kntfrrd Serend-ClnM Matter l'o.t Mile, S( Vorfc. N. T.

TROOPS PLACED ON GUARD IN THE BANKING DISTRICT

Employees in Offices in Neighbor- Tremendous Crowds Impede the

Ambulances Buildings Riddled as if Subjected to Gunfire Hos pital Reception Rooms Like Dress ing Station on a Battlefield.

GRAPHIC STORY BY GIRL OF TERRORS OF EXPLOSION

AND THE SCENES. OF DEATH r Miss Ella Parry, in Office Opposite Morgan CBk Co., Narrowly Escapes

2 X111UX y cuiu. linio m vvuu x'xitiiLi

to the v Street Mlsa Ella Parry, twenty-two years old, of No. 160 East B5th Btrwit, a stenographer with A. Uolln ir Co., No. 36 Wall Street. almost dtreotly op posite the ofllco of Morgan & Co., gave a vivid account of hor experience, she narrpwly escaped lelnK cut by glass or caught In tho fall of. plaster In her oUko. "1 had Juwt left ray dsk," who paid, "and waa waahlni? my hands, when 1 heard tho explosion. Tim slaws of our windows foil Into tho ofllce and uie celling fell all about tin. Whore I had Juat boon Bitting wna cov - red with heavy plaKtor. I did not wait to get my hat, but with othurs nishwl into tho atroet. 'It wa thH mom awful Round f had ever heard and I was turror Mrlcken. All the women In the building, and the men, too, wont milting for he door and I was pretty well In the lend. The glrln wnro screaming, in uiror and I was among them. When we got to the door policemen wore .here and they made tin stay back. . I looked down into tho Btreet nnd eaw i lie reason. AVhat 1 Haw was awful. "Thure were not Iobh than a dozen dead parson on theHldewal! tu i ront of our building and tho Sub-Treasury. Home of thorn had their faces lmot conipMely blown off, ami tbolr clothing had either been blown (Continued pa Moon Vjr4

LIST OF DEAD. JACOBS, mVIKO D., curt) broker, No. SO Broad. JOTCH "WTUjIAat olertc In ae ourttten department J. P. Atorgan & Co, UNIDENTIFIED HOY. about 10, B feet 6, brown hair and oyei, clothing blown from body; Old 81rp Pollco Btatlon. UNIDENTI FIED WOMAN, about 66, gray hair, blue eyea, black waist, black aklrt, black, laco nhoas, block Atocklngi, small solitaire diamond ring on loft hand. UNIDENTIFIED, ArPAIt ENTJjY JKWIHU MAN. about , 48, 5 font 10. dark hair, brown eyos, dork mitt. THilNJuiip. AinaJCANDIffH, WHiLJAM, No." 110 Convent Avomio, Jlronir, lao firatlojiH of .hands and lrsj New York DtHponnary, ANDHItBON, AIITJIUU, No. (3 Ntwk Jtond, Jrrooklyn, Inooratlon of huod, OM flip I'olloo Station, ANDKEWH, MAItQAHHT, No. 1131 Hire Avunue, Jliunx; laoam tions of urma and handvi Volun teur Hospital, AHULY, ANTJIONV, No. 1141 looatur Avenue, Ilronxi laooratwl body! Uroad Wn Howpltal. JtAKIl, .TOHKIlit, No. 14 Mar jtjIh Avenue, Irvlntfton, N, V,, Uceretions of iinTIi Old Hllp ln linn Station. HAOLI'JY. HhDItUXlE, Wuah-

"WAY DOWN KAUT Vn nK m ft, ittii si. lt'Hn.Xt.

lngton. D. G; Voluntoor IloaplUil. unniorAJN. JOBBPII, no od drons;, TtroiLd Street Hospital. BISHOP, MARY, No. 1040 Park Place, Hrooklyn; cutn on face, hands and lefl; Volunteer Hospi tal. nOOK, TOED, No. 821 Eart 79th Stroot, Voluntoor Hospital. IJODOIjSICY, No. MA Doat USSd .Street, lacerations of head; Old Blip Polloo ,3tatlon. BOND. JACK, No, mWertlllth Street; head and handn out; Vol unteer noopltal. HOWlXtAN, VrniULAM, No. iSouth Street, shook. Uroad fltreet IIonpltaL DROWN, GEO ROE HOWARD, No. 187 Eaot 70th Btreot; face, head, arms and body Injured; Volunteer UcwpltaJ, ffTlTONO, OUARLEH, no ad drtyuu; Volunteer IlowptUl. IILTRLIIURO, JOHN, LVo. 18(1 Eat 64th Htroet, lacerated neck and hoad; Hrood Stroet Hospital. ctAB5nii, jAanaa w., No. boo East 167th Btreet, luaurated head. Uroad Htroet Hospital. CHILD, O, II., No. 110 Wt th Btreet, fraolurM right arm; Uroad fltreot Hoiipltal. CIIUilON, AJUX, Volunter noKpltal. OONOORH, MMMMTT, No. U87 Dedford avenue, Jlrooklyn; Uroad Btreet Hopjdtal. CONWAY, JOHN V No. 460 Qreenwood Avenue, Klohmond

Continued on Third Page,) o Orimui Itwun, Jdli Si. Tkur.-A4l.

Avnin.n iinsTtriiANT, ftll ( Mfl, ThanUt, S( IB, Im. dwi bnlt. ytwMh ItUnd ultUM, Ui IrUk iw, kout mhJ, Hoi iU d'tux dlsuM, tit, Klk IlK. Wfi4 KiOJUx, A4X,

hood of the Explosion Say That

Some of the Buildings Rocked as If From an Earthquake U. S. Troops Guard U. S. Sub-Treasury. A mysterious explosion In Wall Street, near the comer of Broad,

the' financial heart of New York at noon to-day killed nineteen or more people according to the latest police reports, injured probably 200,

partlcally wrecked the J. P. Morgan banking- Iwuse, the SubTreasary

and the (Assay Office and caused property' damage estimated at 15 1, 000,000. Experts arc in controversy over the cause of the explosion. Police investigators are of the opinion that the damage was done by an In fernal machine in a closed truck drawn by one horse which was abandoned at the curb in front of the Assay Office, shortly before 12 o'clock and that a timing apparatus set off a quantity of high explosive at the stroke

of noou The horse was blown to pieces, but no trace had been found of the body of the driver. v Department of Justice expert are of the opinion that no tnanufac tured'slngle bomb could cause the damage which was done. They adhere to the theory that a truck loaded with explosives blew up as it was passing

through Wall Street and was midway between the Morgan banking house and the Assay Office. The explosion, they believe, was the direct result of a collision between the explosives truck and an automobile. Witnesses have been found who claim to have seen a truck marked "EXPLOSIVES" near the scene of the explosion shortly before noon. There are also witnesses who claim to have seen a flash In an automobile

standing at the curb near the 'Morgan Dank, which flash was Immediately

followed by the explosion.

FIND DEBRIS THAT SUPPORTS BOMB THEORY.

In support of the theory that the explosion came from a time bomb,

experts point to pieces of springs, window sash weights and pieces of

slieet metal found on the street near the remains of the horse. One man, William Joyce, a clerk was killed In the banking house of

J. P. Morgan & Co. J. P. Morgan is in Europe, His son, Junius Morgan,

the only member of the firm who was on the ground floor of the build

ing was showered with broken glass, but claims to have escaped Injury.

Other members of the firm were in consultation in a room on the second floor, which Is on the Broad Street side of the building remote from the scene of the explosion.

The theory that the explosion was caused by a bomb Iiisin automobile which was either moving slowly eastward or standing at the curb in front of the Morganbank Is buhvarlced by the testimony of at least two wit nesses who da! mto have seen the flash in the car. Figuring prominently In the ifcddont or In tho roporti of tho alleged eje-nltnesseti is an automobile owned by J). S. Helden, who owns a drug store In Newark. Tho car wiut domolUhed nnd tho chauf feur, Jem mo II, MoKenn, Has blown to plow. Itelilen nas In an of flee at So. M Wall Strict at (ho lime of t ho explnnlon nnd laid he left his cur at tho curb u few minutes bei'oro uud (horn norn no cxjlnslvoi In It.

.MAYOR WILL URGE REWARD OF f 10,000. Mayor Hylan afler a visit to the scene of the explosion sakl at the City Hall that he will ask the Hoard of Estimate to-morrow to offer a reward of 810,000 for Information which may lead to discovery of a plot if (here was a plot. Tlw city olltelals are of the opinion that an explo slon at noon In the street bet-ween the Morgan ollice and the Sub-Treasury Is a subject worthy of careful Investigation, i 'Practically all the exyjoslves used in building operations In New

MARBLE, COAL OPERATOR, CONVINCED THAT EXPLOSION WAS WORK OF BOLSHEVISTS

John Markle of the Hotel Plaza, the noted anthracite mining operator, was seen at the St Vincent Hospital, whither he went with his mining engineer, A. B. Jcssup, both having been cut by glass. "Wo were in Mr. Morgan's private off ice,' said Mr. Markle, talking with Mr. Junius Morgan and Mr. Joyce, one of the partners of the house, when the explosion oc curred. After the roar of the explosion, glass fell in a shower all over those in the office and outside clerhs were toppled from their seats to the floor, all of them being cut by the glass or otherwise hurt "Mr. Morgan did not seem to be hurt, but Mr. Joyce was badly cut. "Both Mr. Jessup and I are technical men and we say positively that the centre of the explosion was an automo bile in front of the office on the Wall Street side. I don't know what else went up, but the origin of the blowup was the automobile. And there is no question in my mind that it was the work of Bolshevists." HiraqDavis of Bayville, L. I., a chauffeur, says the explosion occurred in an automobile which was cither standing in front of the Morgan bank or moving slowly eastward. He f the chauffeur for Winslow S. Pierce and was standing near his car in front of No. 40WaIl Street, waiting for his employer. "I was looking at the automobile," said Davis. "I saw a flash, immediately followed by a terrific explosion. I am sure a bomb exploded in the car."

York are furnished by the E. I. Du Pont, Nemours Company. The firm reports that none of its wagons was in the vicinity of Broad and Wall Streets at the time of the explosion. Pieces of the truck found at a con siderable distance from the scene of the explosion are said by men em ployed on the excavation for the Stock Exchange annex to resemble wreckage such as "wouW come from the type of truck which convey explosives. Mayor Hylan, Police Commissioner Enright and his deputies, As sistant District Attorneys Talley and Joyce and agents of the Depart ment of Justice hurried to the scene soon after the explosion. They were greatly Interested in the story of Hiram Davis, a chauffeur, vho claims the explosion occurred in an automobile in front of the Morgan building , As against this Is a hole in the street In front of the Assay Office. This hole was not there prior to the explosion and It is close to, the re mains of the Iwrse which, some witnesses say,' was drawing the truck in winch the explosion occurred. lletwuen tho United SUtw Sub Troasury andjfJt Assay Offioa to tts uat a temporary utructuro waa erected recently, Thl has been used to hUld the tranufsr of $1)00,000,000 in sold ami bullion to tho Assay Off Its far tfftto-keoDlnK duruu; structural change la tho Treasury, Bull dine. Tha

A 4 .Jjkmk I life i i'll


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-10-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280763/1920101601/0654.xml ===

TcNIghf. W.ilh.r-FAIR. " , ' ' To-Morw-."w..thtrFAIR. " j See Old New York 1 te3WW Jlf-Afc W MALL ST. TABLESia 1 Ui Magazine Page I vjvr'sr wSLSStTOal j 'mmmmmmmmmmwmm y circulation nooks oPcu to aii . ; "gm, La&sssmm VOL. LXI. NO. 21,503 DAILY. lA'uuu' NEW YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16.92 . fcVwj!:r.if.t'g PRICE THREE CENTS ,j CLUB OWNERS ILL LINE UP 'mm 'mZo'hZZ ffSSP m 10 1 FOR INIIFWin PFFllPM i UPHOLDS TENANT IN central Park Romance MCHIMM cD(f nf i nM nnn Mllf DO. 3 r- i FOG IN 40 YEARS ' IN BASEBALL ON MBNDAyi--w zs- r lu..ic MANY MEN QUITTING WORK . e Though She Agreed to wKW ? mkPfcjWh ! Island, and Eight Liners

National League Determined to Go Ahead in Spite of Ban Johnson's Attitude. REFORM INSISTED "Big Bill" Edwards, "Nick" Longworth and Judge Landis Suggested for Commission. Dy Hugh S. Fullcrton. ttifcoball of tho "orgatitied" variety tuxm tho biggest war It ever has lonuwu a war which will decide wbotlier tfio old. reactionary faction hall continue tn control or whether toa go verm ant of tho gamo Is to be vested In a new commission composed trC outsiders without financial Interest ta any league or olub. Tho National League baa thrown down tho gage. Monday the olub owners of tho National will gather In Chicago and take the first step toward aotual reform. In this step Um National invited the American League club owners to participate, and Ban U. Johnson speaking, jrfcether authoritatively or not, de clined. Tho National Is determined to go ahead without regard to any stand of Mr. Johnson. It la determined to clean the game to reorganize its en tire government,, to change the Na tional ngreement, and to place the whole goverrimaot In the hands of three 3 ten. Tho choice of the major ityIf not all the National Longuo owners for those posts aro Judge Kenesaw M. Landis of Chicago, "lllg Bill" Edwards of New York, and either "Nlok" Lougworth of Cincin nati or Judge Charles A. McDonald of Chicago. Judge McDonald In the man who instructed the Grand Jury to Investigate crookedness In base ball. With the entire country clamoring for a real reform In baseball the old political group, headed and controlled by Mr. Johnson, soems determined to resist to the lost and to keep John son in jiower If possible. It is prob able that the three rebellious mem bcrs of the American l-aguo- Massrs. Krasee, of Huston, Cnnilekey of Chicago and Huston of Now York -will Join the National leaguers in their (111 in go meeting and aid in the selection of the governing body. To further complicate the situation the National Association of Minor leagues will convene In Kansas City Immediately after the National Leaguers adjourn and decide which (Continued on Ninth rage.) Classified A d vertisers CLOSINGTIME 5.30 P. M. SHARP SATURDAY FOR The SUNDAY WORLD'S Classified Advertisements BRANCH OFFICES CLO&E BEFORE 5 O'CLOCK PoltlVly 10 Clasflflsd AdvcrtlM menti will be received for The Sunday World alter 5.30 P M. Art" l M i'i'. l T'ip Woi li " i' I "' r,,e w" ,rt,', ON OR BDFORK FRIDAY PRECEDING PUBLICATION

FOOD COST LEADS HOLDS NEW LAWS APPLY, fj fT h TWO UVES 1N PERIL

o, IN THE DOWNWARD inr m Jr Mi!

SWEEP OF PRICES' Supreme Court Justice Fabcr n K 5&w (i. I

Reduction of 15.6 Per Cent.!ar

During September Amount ! Jaid Farmers for Products. WA Ml I fNClTON, Oct. 1C Pood is now leading all other necessities In the downward sweep of prices. The level of prices paid farmers for thotr iJtwjois ucuiiueu ig.u per ceni. uur- Ing 'September. Jrlces paid the farm er on Oct. 1 throughout the United Htates averaged, according to th Agrioul ture Department, as follows: While potatoes, J1.J0 per bushel: sweet potatoes. $1.61 per bushel; ap- pie, 9 1.33 pnr bushel; butter. $1.1 cents per pound; eggs, 50.1 cents per dosen; chickens, 2fi.l cents per pound, and wheat. 12.14 per tnwrhel. Kets.ll prioen of clothing and inoie ttian 360 other commodities still are on the down grade. Government re ports show. Poeretary of the Treasury Houston Is one who believes the crest of high prices has been passed. It may take yoars, however, for the general de cline to complete Its cycle. Houston said. ' The: decline now has Inoreasod the vnlue of the dollar nearly 13 cents. Government reoords show. The dol lar now Is worth approximately t& cents compared with Its nre-war 1011 purchasing power. Two months ;io tho dollar stood for only 37 cents. Bugar, now selling at nn averago of 12 cents R pound. Is due for a further drop. Columbus, O., merchants have re duced their prices on cotton goods from SS to 10 per cent, within the past few weeks. Price reductions In Kansas City run from 10 to 40 per cent, on cloth ing, both for men and women. A gradual reduction in the number of factory employees In New York State Is revealed In the September re port of the State Industrial Commis sion, Clothing and automobile prices In Detroit have fallen, but food prices, with exception of sugar, are not de clining. fMACSWINEY MUCH BRIGHTER, IS REPORT Pope Benedict Said to Have De cided His Death Would Not Be Suicide. LONDON, Oet. 16. Teronce Mae- 1 Swiney, the hunger striking Lord ! Mayor of Cork, was reported by the i lirlxton Prison doctor this morning ! as having passed a fairly good night, u' a bulletin liied by the Irish S -If-Determination League on the I .or, I Mayor's condition. Thin was (he sixty-flfth day of the I.okI .Major's strike. I "He win much brlgMir this mom Mi " the bulletin adds, "but remains in u condition of infinite weukness. The MucHwIney family Is reported to huc i ( calved word H'Jt I'opf Htli ullct doe not rt-guril ihe Ir'sh hun ger strikers a committing untitle. .ier I 1 1 1 1 y Itimril I'IcIiIh Otmlri-. ' Mi ' 'n- t hi rufTneif of I' In",' 'Ul- Iln.i',1 i,f l'ulill, I'l'l- ., , ,- ' 'ii'in r, i il,.: 'iv 'ii.i'i I ,' i ii iii-i! , . tlli l i, pi l . niinn io i t . i um -i i tu ti'.' t ill . , In utwti The applu il.ii'i Was tl;J la ta court of Justlvt awsyie. .

Uet Ullt UCt. . m. ' III V C 7 -WW wc nciu ui.

1 supreme court Justice Fabcr n j Ilrookljn to-day decided against Mrs, uinra wasserman, owner or tno inartment house at No. 653 Ninth strcot. iirookiyn, m her effort to ou Miss Dunn, It was testified, agreed last summer to glvo up her apartment un Oct. 1. tilie. fuled to do ho and Mrs. Wasserman asked the Clerk of the .Sixth District iMunlclpal Court to is sue a final dispossess order, He ro funed because of the new laws. Mrs, Waseermitn asked the Supreme Coart for a writ of mandamus to compel tho clerk to isue the final order and Jus lice Kaber to-day refused tho writ Counsel for Mrs. Wassermnn con. tended the case had been Judicially determined before the passage of tho nw lws. but the Court held il was still "pending." Supreme Court Justice Mullun, act- Ing upon an application for a writ of mandamus by tho H. D. M. Henlty j Company, to-duy directed WlHInm J Murphy, Clerk of the Fourth District Municipal Court, to Issue a dispossess , writ against George S. Chalms, who I occupies a nevnn-room apartment In the building of the plaintiff corpora tion at No. .206 Mast 14th Street. The real estate company obtained a final order awarding possession Kept. , 11, but the Justice of the Municipal Court granted a slay until Oct. one. When the real estate company asked for its warrant after the expiration of tha stay. Chief Justice Aaron J. Levy, of the Municipal Court, ruled that the landlord's right to a disposes warrant had been destroyed by the new land-lord-tonunt laws. Justice Mullan overruled Chief Justice Levy, holding the cose was completed before the passage of these laws. Mnll I'lnnr IMInl Killed. CHICAOO. Oct. 18. Ilryan McMullen of Dnllar, Texas, air mall pilot of the Chlengo-Omaha nervlee, was killed when his plane fell to-dity near Hatavla, III., arcordlng to Infonnallon received by the superintendent of the air mall ser vice here. OLD BOTTLES DUG UP IN BROADWAY GIVE EMPTY THRILL They Date Bnck to Dutch Beer Garden of 1C58, But There's Nolliing in Them. BKOADW'AY got a thrill this morning nothing but a thrill. Workmen digging the founda tion for a 23-story addition to the American Surety Company Hulldlmr at No. 98 Droadway dis covered an ancient well thirty feet deep and out of Its cool depths tliey brought a number of curious undent liolt.lea, bottles ot the soil they made tn the days before machlne-blowiug. They were wlno bottles. It was u unstfiv until Uicliard Demiiig. iv ho knows u lot jat the Aim: m nil uf lnstoi y, showwtl that In Ibi ihe Dutch h.d hud a beer iriuftn on that spot, a tine old beer uurJm win re llihstv nu: touM get what they wuntid. Hut lu-ilu) II wus ufilv a ilirill t'n In I . V.i l i III ,it Al 'east tin mil' ri'p'H ii'd to be imply If tin- i hi K'li.'n 1 1 n I ,i n tlit

were othtrwi( i liny kept the uewo to tbtmdclvcs,

Miss Beavor Webb Wet "Smil ing Tom" Leonard During Her Frequent Rides. The romance which brought about Ihe secret marriage of Miss Ixiulse (1 fleavor Webb, one of .the most skilled equestrians In New York society, and Policeman Thomas J Leonard, of tlia Control Park mounted squad, was no sudden affair. According to his fel lows In the squad, he end Miss Webb have known each other for more than eight years. They met by reason cf her hatblt while In the city to ride almost dally In the Park, which she Iuih done since hc was a ohild. The announcement of the marriage was made public last night In a for mal statement given out by tha bTlde'n father. J. lleavor WeWi, at bis residence. No. 81 Enrk Avenue, as follows: T morcly wish to announce thut my oldest daughter I wise. G. Hoavor Webb, was married last Saturday to Mr. Thomas J. Leonard." At tho Wtfbb home to-day Mrs. Webb said the family had nothing to add to tho formal announcement. "Did the family approve of the marriage?" she was asked. "Naturally," Mrs. Webb replied. "We made the announcemen." "Was tho family present at the wedding?" "I do not care to say," said Mrs. Webb. "Where are thsy honeymooning?" she was asked. "I do not our to su anything more than we have said," Mrs. WtAb responded. "Where will they live when they return?" "They probably will lake an apart ment somewhere IS the city 1 do nut know whre." "Will Mr. Leonard remain on the jllct force?" "I do not know," said Mm. WcWj. "Pleuse do not ask any more que- (Continued on Second Page ) UOIII.K HUNT VI IS.tNT. Ki-rlil f, r to Uai NVuriU) 0l IK 1ft iii iinr '!r','",, )..';, itoc iti rwu. wu 11w4.-i.jiu '

Wt IB Foreign Office Declares Kremlin There Has Been Invaded. the ZiriMOH, Oct. U Aeeoidtng to sn announcement of the German foreign Ministry, a great revolt In reported to have started In Moscow. Tho Kremlin there Is declared to have been Invaded. Many reports from Russia recently have told of evidence of rvolt on the part of Ituaslans against the llnl shevtk teglme. One report, whloh later was denied, stated that there wore disturbances In Moscow. Most of the disorders reported, however, have Indicated that Petrograd was the centre of disaffection. Ileports from Moscow six weeks ago stated that the people had risen against the commissars ami had killed several of these Ited ofllolals. It also was stated that there were riots among some of the Industrial population. Hints the defeat of the Ilette by th Poles the rumors of Internal trouble have come mors frequently from Rus sia. These reports were taken as In dicating that the hold of l'rouky and lnlu upon the people had been weakened and that un uprising might Us expected at any moment. The Kremlin is the scut of the Ited j government. -

ordered to Mine, llnK llliimelf. j 'rhere are ninny rumors of n po August Hughes, S yesis ol I. banged j,iu1b -haiiKa In th ivlt Ouvern-

ftlnoair t-Uj from the .loorkm.1. of the eloset in his room In the muiii house of Mrs M iry Overlnmler. No 110 ( lu'ajii l17ih -ltrl lli hml llvf (I tliera !ten i-irs und ha: : n l. pon.liit for three Uy after bi-lng notified that he must move ba.utu thB noun had bn M,

Owner of Evian and Helper Leap into Bay When Vessels

- Crash Both Rescued. The ramming of a launch by a ferryboat, the grounding of two steamers, the delay of fright oconn going vessels in the lower bay, and thp dlsrptlon of practically all ferry schedules resulted from to-day's dense fog, which, ancient mariners ns the worst they hud known for forty years. The Central, of Vermont, a stenm freighter of 2.200 tons, owned by tho Central Vermont Hnllrood nnd plying between 'New Imdoii nnd Now York, mlsiu-d her bmrlngs and went aground off Whltostonc, Long Island, some time before 7 o'clock, tho hour nt which shu was duo to urrlvo hore. The ship has no wireless equipment and Cnpt Strickland was unable lo rcpor to his superiors". Olllclals of tho rnllf.Kid declared they were not wor ried about the vennel's safety, I.ong , Island water's seldom attaining dan gcrous roughness. Tugs, they said, hud been sent tu pull her off. I The Central of Vermont carried no passengers. She had crew of 'twenty men and Is loaded with COS i ions of general cargo. The Shipping Hoard steamer Knox i villc whs rcpnrled rurrouhd on n sand-b-ir off Inig llwieh before daylight, she was not damaged' ndf red hot -hi If without Hsslstnnoe. Many I-ong Island Hound steamers were tied up overnight by the fog between Oak Point nnd Clawm Point. Ilranx. One of these yielded a har vest nf rash to Michael Qulnn, a Clason Point bargeman, who con veyed about 100 pniscngerH from the Fall Itlver liner Commonwealth to Clasoon Point, whence they made their way to their homes by trolley and subway. The Sound steamers be gan venturing from their enforced anchorage about 10.S0 o'clock, when the fog hnd thinned somewhat. ferryboat on practically every ferry In the metropolitan dtntilct wrote fern fifteen minutes to half an hour behind schedules. Thousands of pa .cngors went lato owork The launoh Kvlan. owned by I. Mail sen, whose olllce Is at No. Ut Bast 73d Street, was In collision with the Municipal ferryboat Ulehmrmd while the latter was nosing her way up tho bay after leaving Htaten Island at 9,10 o'clock. in the launoh with Madsen was his helper, J. Bhara, n Japj.ne.so shtp (Continued on Hecond Page.) SOVIETS TO TAKE IN NON-BOLSHEVISTS Plan tn Give RuvMan Government i Coalition P rm -Congress J Opens in Moscow. i KIOA, Oet. li (Associated I'ress) I The Highlit AH Russian Ssovlet Con-1 gress was scheduled Wi open In Mos-. cow to-day with a report from Aroipn Jorfe, hei.d of the Russian Hoclet del egation which negotiated iac wilh the Poles In Riga, on the various peace negotiations. mflt lhrou(.h th otjmUl,,mri of nun. Ilolshevlsts to high polons. xlvlng the Government a coalition form In ' order to facilitate the efforts to gain ! recognition by the foreign Powers and speeil up the movement for a resump 1 uoa or irudc rvlutlvns.

Feared That Railroad Men Will . Walk Out in Sympathy Great Industries Threatened Plans Per fected to Prevent Food Shortage.

.ONDON, Oct. 16 Premier

sage to Ihe nation with regard to the strike, In which he said: 'The nation is confronted with a coal strike. The Government has maHe every elTort consistent with its duty as trustee for the people to :wer. this calamity. The proposals of the Government have been sup ported by many of the most responsible leaders of the Miners' Federar tion They have been regarded, by all sections of the people as fair an3 reasonable. ft "The Government offered to submit

TWO BIG SAFES; GET Use No Explosives in Robber' of Manufacturing. Jewellers on Warren St., Newark. Burglars broke Into the factory of Htreloher & Co., manufacturing Jew ellers at No. H Warren Street. New ark, N. J., some time before dawn to day sad stole Jewelry valued at U00. 000, the firm reported to the police. The Jewelry was taken from two large safes In the olllce of the con "em. The safes were ripped open by the robbers, who worked without cx- plosives. Diamonds formed tha greater part of the loot. Tlio robbery occurred while nigh' shift of Post Office clerks was at work sorting parcel poat packages in Ihe postal branch on th ground floor of the building. The bursar got Into the Jewslry establishment by svullu a fire escape leading to s rear window of the upper floor of the building, which has two floors. The poitul fterks told detectives they hail hearJ no noise in the factory upstslrs. POP! POP!! BANG! DON'T WORRY; IT'S WILD DUCK SEASON This Is the Opening Day. and the Big Soetw Is Laid in Great South Bay. , v,u,t ta Tfc. VH-ttM W-sta.) 8AYVILLK. L. I.. Oflt. t. Y.)L'H ocrrsponilnt dads It necessary to deny many ru mors concerning the shoot ing that woke folks up all around Orent Kouth Hay this morning. Il was NOT the landing of Japan sc Army. It was NOT a "dtclllniy force" sent over by the IeuffUv of Natlous to make America glvo up tho Monroe Doctrine. It was NOT an fpedltlon from yovlei l.ussla to 1 !i rm the gov ernment of the L'nltud Stales. H WAH meiely ihs officl.il opening of the wild duck svssou. A.t will le iipurvnt to-morrow at 'niany u dlrner table, even if It did sound Uke all of these calaw-lUAre-lld lato one.

!! 1 00.000 IN BOOTY

Lloytl George to-day addressed a mes

tliu miners' claim for an Increase In wages to nn Impartial tribune 1 und to ubide by the rosult. This offer the miners refused. The Government of fcred to give the Increase asked for If the miners would restore the pras ent low production of coal to the frfr- ures of the rly part of the present year. "This, too, Ihe miners rotused against the advice uf their most ex perienced leaders. They are at smpt ing now to nsln their ends by force. The nation must and will resist such an attack with all its strenath and there can be no doubt as to the Usue." Although ti great nation-wide strike is net scheduled to begin until after the workers leave the mines to night, n considerable h umber of the men have quit already n anticipation of the .walkout and many more are expected to leave on the next shift. In several sections of Durham and Nottinghamshire the afternoon shTtti failed to report for work yesterday. Meantime extraordinary preparo" Hons are liclng made to prevent the steppage of food supplies. Kmersenei measures. mconimnnJul 'by the Government, were beinir rr.' fected by local authorities and there seemed tn be a disposition on the part of the Ooveinment. the Miners' Fed eration nnd the people generally to carry on a long stern battle to BetU definitely the issue upon whloh tha coal diggers have decided to walk out. While there was an air of quiet confidence of thn part of the people there were wpprrhensluns that a strike of the miners might bring otoout a critical situation In .Ili-tUsh lnUuntrj generally. . lvrge stocks of coal have been ac cumulated arid private customers hafft laid In supplies, but the publie has bean Informed that rigid economy ' will be necessary. Many large In dustrial concerns have considered at least partial shutdowns tn case the miners' strike develops, and tills movement may develop Into one e the most serious phases of the strike. Members of the National Unionist Itallwaymen und the Tranapsfj Workers' Union will bold separjfa meetings nn Monday to determine R14 altitude these organisations will take toward the miners' strike. It will; 11 retailed that both gave appro vnUJ the demands of the miners 1BH month. and It Is feared they may oe ride to Join In the strike movement If this should 1m done, the sltuatlan would becoms increasingly serloiM and alarming. 1 ttovernment plans for the ditrltu tlon of food, which were prfotil du.'lui: the lUMid strike last y have been exfiSjll und a oompre henslvv system 'of transport has baatt worked out for the entire country Parlinmint will convene en Tuee ,iv and tiooe Is still eBtertalaed Vjvit X event may tnd ta bring a I, . Vf. the trouble JNetUiar, tht


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-10-16, p. 3 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280763/1920101601/0656.xml ===

THE EVENING WORLD, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1020.

HIGH COST OF RUNNING CITY DOUBLES M TAX BURDEN ; iHKffi

ovvanivio ur uotLtoo judo

"Engineering and Temporary Service" Taps the People's Pocket for SI 3,093,776. ALL BOROUGHS BLAMED, i

poo Many 'Hands. Do Too Lit-

ie Work for Too Much Pay, and Taxpayer Loses. The Board of Kstimato, sitting In evlew on the estimates submitted fav carious city officials of the amounts I required to run their departments or bureaus in 1911, slashed a couple of ' hundred million dollars oft the pre llmlnary budget and still left the tentative budget some $70,000,000 In xcm of the budget of 1920. The '$la were made In Items which wore irtiver' Intended to go through. Tho items wherein are concealed the real X earning why the cost of government of the City of' Now York amounts to veritable nbbery of the taxpayers were scarcely touched. In common with the National and Btate Governments, the Government of tho City of New York Is a flagrant profiteer. If the taxes wero limited to Uie money actually spent In the (unctions of government tho tax rate iould be cut In two. While the ordl lary expanses are exorbitant there, Jvtro plied upon the top of theln theex pensea of supervision of ordinary ex penses. - It had been shown that organized hartty spends more In salaries and ! overhead than It distributes to the poor ami needy. The Government of "tho City of New York Is run on. the organized charity expenditure basin. Tho cost of spending the monoy runirj Jur ahead of the actual outlay for ,saJarles, buildings, materials, sup plies and equipment. The fundamental principle of the form of government exorcised In this city Is that nobody holding a position !

f trust or responsibility can be v Justed. In consequence the operation ' W t government l n ccuaeluss round Wf "passing tho buck." The buck anseerB aro the engineers, auditors.

soountants. checkers, sub aheckers tt and Investigators, who havo re- vmoved all rouponsllilllty from elected or appointed otUcln Is except such ... .

CtwponflFtinilly as tneBo otnota s feel TV' . , ; ... .. ... , lending representative in the city gov- alled upon to assume Kleq.lon tMy ernraant, runs up close to the Il.irough apptoachrai. I I'rtwldent j In making places for "on- ' THE INEXCUSADLE ''ENGINEER- i glneers." Ills engineering jwiyroil, ac INQ" ITEMS IN BUDGET j cording to the tentative budget, u . . . . .! . '.amounts to 1614.798. Something ap The Mgh level of ktUrtos adopted , ,aril to tnt the matter with tho De lta m-et the increased cost of living partment of Street (.'leaning, because land the Increasing population of the 'a" tt Pysj to engineers Is J18.000, but ' . , ...in. the Iturmu of Plant and .Structures, c.tv nr.- influential In added oxpeiuw aUnol,Kh u,mparatlvely new, has a of government, but they are only, ntce faf engineering iwiymll running 'part of the mounting costs that keep up to J321.4SD. Ducks and Terries, skyrocketing th tax rate. Knglneer. which doubtless reiulret a lot of fn mr :H. m.ti.nt ,.n- ,..m 'gtneerlng, gts away with an exiHrtiso

: , i is pr cem. mcuaiaia.

The -nglneertng forue In the employ ,flv Horough l'resldeuts, Bducatlon, at t u, nil cjttirri throimli nvarv WHter Supply, riant and structure o t.ie clt). scattered tnrougli "Vetyi Dook am, FerrlMi amounU fo brunch of the (Sovernmslit, Is almost (iM0.2S. and the work of these do- entirely a machine for the placing partments In rpeet of engineering o political patrimage and in Itself wtlvitlos overlaps on.l .Interferes with It mimtRiitlv makes for more Joba the engineering activities of numerous it i.'iuiianii) makiw ror more othr branches of the government, and iimro aalwios and more taxes. competent engineering authorities The department of the I'resldent of1 agree that the engineering activities

ih llui.uh of Manhattan luus four, tngineertng bureaus, with a payroll of $841,771. Hut this Is om a start. Practically every- other bureau or uopnrtnient having to do with apund ug money In Manhattan maintain nt. 'ineerlng forces. For example, If of i I'rowldcnt of the liorough of Man ma tan wants to make street repairs to engineers assigned to that branch ballk the estimates. Then they ure nwked up by the englneom of the Vrd of Ustimate, ivho. In turn, aro Ior icked up. by the engineers of the pol inptmllers office, and llnally thorn by fnorc checking up by the engineers the CominlMloner of Accounts. ls ani1le to all boroughs. !n the department of the President b the Itorough of llrooklyn there are be a engineering divisions. The pay if.ll totals $K3I,H0, and If things go on , they aro and the city is ever able 01 allow tho President of llrooklyn 'rough to make all the public tm thovementa that have bean planned m). the borough, the engineering costs double every Job required more 'rlneers. tbcjueen.1 borough, which Is expanding Iicsidly and requires miles of new Crt'eeta and sewers and pavements. . intalns In the 'Horough President's "urimnni enirlnerlnir forccui with a 'roll of $589,782. Thi Prenldent of IJoroilgll oi me nnm requires, no $42fl,M2 forjiis engineering forcn, the liorougn oi tiicnmoirj geis r" r with an engineering expenditure' r salaries -of only $157.J. Kngl-1 (rlns on Staten Islam), which 1 Vly populated, is apparently not a fpular pastime. i)ARD OF EDUCATION "EN GINEERS" BUILD NO 8CHOOLS. anAyTch"oi. woliS since .... . ... .....I. ho iM-elnnlng of the war and can

pond only a limited atngunt In con- their restaurant pr)ce list to help re structlon and repairs next year. tho'U4lce thB cost 0 jiving. K iSHS.d'f'S 'I Tl n.t of these hotels will not be iimt il large englnoerlng corps. Hut ! made public for a fow days, hp said.

"engineering" is an aii-omiiracmg word In the dictionary of terms em- braced in raouern cuy ubiuiiiih .cTMu-tallv In nuhllc school gi govern- . .11 il,a ltj.ar.1 nf Til nnat inn m. Uieill. --.- - oulrea for Its onguioaring aivwiuns is VJi'.'iin parka V-e up over J30.000 a year fcn englneerlr.g salaries, but what tho Sneineer ".o certainly not uppar- 1 " . all. . .. .1... .,n-ba I' ? s t.A ,ll.,un.,iiiAA .,r tha iiArUx. Irha iloiJittttaa 1'ftrii Departoioat

MISS MADGE LESHER WEDS C. S.BARTOW JR. . IN ST. THOMAS'S

MiSS MADGE Honeymoon Will Be a Motor Trip and Then Couple Go to Jersey To Live. MIm Madge Itaymond Leiher. daugfc- t6r " Mr nd Mr- "-yrnond lusher , lof 9(5 Park Avenue, and Charles 8. Itertow Jr.; son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Harlow of Bnglewood. N. J.. ' will be married at 4 o'clock to-day , ' the chantry of St. Thomas's Church The Rev. Dr. mires will perform the ceremony, after which a reception will be held at the home of the bride's aunt, Mrs. ( Kcwell Iloardman, No. 22 Bast "8th Street. The brldo will wear a gown of white s&tln embroidered In pearls and de signed with lilies. The matron of tionor will be Mrs. Wayne R. Connors, while Ml Qeraldlne Iloardman wilt be maid of honor. The brldeimnlds are the Mlsies Constants Delanov and Qlorr Thomas. Tile uiliern are tho Messrs. Kdward 11 unes, uiuinos v. licnncr. Wayne K. Connor and Edward It. Dal cock Jr. The honeymoon will Include a motoring trip, and upon their return the couple will live In Englowood, N. J, pays engneern $41,070, llrooklyn pays f 13.68G, the llronx -pays S14.K96, Queens pays xio.oog and Itlchmond puys 3,0C0. , Tho lion. Glenoids j. nayes, com mlseloner of Water Supply, Ga and t.l.(.lnlti. .ml nmmonll fT-lt'- f only jim.is. The total in me departments or the ducrlbeI abovo could lie roupe4i in one engineering division with a sav ing In excess ot43,"".w a year. 'TEMPORARY SERVICE" DENE FITS INCOMPETENT8. ' Another uvenue of expenditure Is nt.uiwwi mi li the multiplicity of "en gineering ulviniuiiB in ilia nimn ut "temporary service." This la all pat ronage uud furnishes jobs (or tho tioys who naiK. ror one rvaaun or au ,.ikr it ihn civil sorvlce exumlna tlon. The "temporary sen'lce" tem Is particularly numerous In budgets which are made up In close proximity to elections. The boroughs of Manhattan, Hrook lyn and Queens uk for $1,800,000 apiece for 1921 for "temporary sor- Vloe." Tho norough of the Uronx, w)ilch has not attained Its, political growth, although It la a lusty youth. gets along on jo.uuu. it Is In the Item of "temporary ser vice" that the lon. Nlcholus J. Hayes rimps forward with full force and majesty. The Department of Water Supply, uas and Klectrlctty rtyiulres for remuneration for "tempurary sr vlce"J2.1M.77. and nnyboly that trloi to keep Commissioner Hayes from retting It In In for a very, very In teresting time, with election coming on an' everything. Tho tentative uuagrt ror lzo ,hnwL In the items of "onelneertn anjl "temporary service" above set rorin. n luiai ui . tii'iuum iiiiiuna to quested of $13,093,770. pi rp M y HOTELS T 1 V JC IN. I . nu 1 E.L.O 1U L.U 1 I'lULtS Special Assistant Attorney Oeneral Annln W. Hlley, hoad of tie "Flying Squadron," announced last night that , h. md .ecelved a report from five I hotols which have promised to revise Aiwtnwmie. ii m oiphuiou w new pins of fare In these places, with the' reduced prices, win ue reauy. umer jiotels ure expected to follow In food i .... ,.,. i.a .,,1,1 'JaMlID "'. jlr u 8). ftiB0 ,ie wlM ,10ia ft imni.r.nM n.i u'miiui.v mornlnir a" U o'clock In hi. o.I.ee In the Fed- era! Hulldlng with counsel for the Hotel Mens Association, l'rauk A. lllnn,l tnr- t K . . r, M t, o nP.pnlllA. lr Itnlnnil. for thu nurnniui of .reduc- ljyt tho restaurant Ptlcii w

Afraid of Retaliatory Legis lation If Present Oppres sion Is Kept Up. GOOD LANDLORDS ACT

Seek to Compromise With Renters and Earn. Their Good Will at Polls. Landlords are breaking away from each other and rushing fast Into two camps the good ones and pio bad ones. Good landlords and their numbers arc Increasing rapidly seek to com promise with tonants over the hous ing laws. Had one aro determined to fight. Tho good ones aro legitimate, coneervatlvo Investors who havo tho welfare of the city at heart also of themselves and of their follow beings. The bad ones aro for the most part speculators gamblers In homes, with a horde of brokers and agents making u living and quite a good deal of extra cash out of the profits of tho preda tory class. This new division of tho landlords Is becoming more Intensified every day. It promises to get very antago nistic, for the good landlords ore turning against the bad landlords moro flcrcoly than over tho bad ones turned against the helpless tenants. The good ones havo become convinced that tho bad ones have been doing great damage both to real estate and to the city In general. They do not Intend to put tip with It any longer. They not only demand fair com- Proralno with tenants on the ren . i sue. but thev want satisfactory, per manent conditions rc-estnwisneu in the realty and building fields In order to avoid further Immense injury. LANDLORDS, JOLTED, NOW SEE TENANT8 HAVE RIGHTS. Two recont explosions throw the .., tl.-t., .r.M lim Onn was the prompt passage of the addl-1 tlannl hmislrfr laws advocated oy xno JJvenlng World at tho special session of Uio Legislature. The second was the $850,000,000 city budget. The housing lawn wore a snarp warning that tho people 'teould toko tho entlro matter Into their own hands In a summary manner and wero not In a mood to be trifled with longer. Tho huge budget Jolted really owners Into a realization that tho votes of their tenants elect tlo budget makers and that landlords couia not oppress iun ants further without bringing down uinn their heads still heavier budgets and other retaliatory burdens In the Immediate future. In fact landlords at last are awake to the fact that they need the good will and co-oprutlon of the tenant vntu.g masses more than tliey neea the fnw extra dollars which could be gouged out of thorn through still higher home ronts. Realty leaders have been In earnest conference during Uie entlro week to effect compromises In nil parts of the greater city. The good landlords are Hatlsfled with the new housing laws. becauwe. their rentals are much larger than they evor hoped to get a few years ago. And they are growing more anxious every day for foar that they may not get tho aid of their tenants as voters to keep down the extravagant demands of politicians. who make the budgets. Professional realty lendeni of tho moro Important outlbrn are flocking to the camn of tho good landlords because they have been convinced that furtnor coun tenandng of the out-throat tactics of bad landlords would tend to dis organize the entire mnrket QUICK COMPROMISE .URGED BY LEADERS. Necessity for prompt com pro ml was explained this week In a letter from Joseph P. Day, published In Tho World. Tno movement was ac celerated by Lewis Phillips, Hryan L. Kennelly and other members of tho Heal Estate Auctioneers' Assocl atlon. That lundlord.i themsolves aro against further depredations upon tonants and are eager to compromise without court controversy was at tested by President Stowart Browne of tho I'nlted Ileal Estate Owners' Association, composed of local or ganlzatlonn throughout Manhattan and IhA.Hronx with a landlord mom bershlp exceodlnrt 10,000. lie mild they wero not antagonistic to tho new housing lawsi that they did not intend to test tnem in tne courts In order to prevent free and fnlr execu tion, nor wero they In favor of un reas'inablo rentat domands upon ton ants.fThey bellevo ns a body that the housing crisis has passed and that tne situation should bo loft without undue Interference to road Just Itself Into what must be oonsld ered the after-war normal. Hut thee efforts at compromise are fought furiously by the brokers. They jsrtth their agents form tho following . . . V. . .. .1 . jt t . 1 1 Ul lOr BJUUIHIU. n MIIU lUUUIUrUff. Ab brokers, they nre not to blame for their position, because It Is tholr bul nesa to buy and well properties In or der to get a commission, and tho broker has been taught by long ex perience that the easiest way to Ilnd a buyer Is to show tnat tne value of tho offered property Is sure to rlso. With real ostatn the Index of valuo Is rent, and when brokers can show that rents can be raised, they find reudy buyers, either In the form of speculators or genuine Investors. MRS. KN0EPKE TO WED. To lie llrlde of W. 0. Mrimen, Jrr.c) Manufacturer. William a. Mermen, son of the Ute (lerhard Mennsn, New Joraey tlolet powder manufacturer, and Mrs. Mlllam Sclienk KnoepKe, ot no. ziu wmi n street, who obtained a dlvoree In westcheiter County, from her huibund, Ausost 1 Knoeiike, In Auguat, 1JU. ..... a m.rrl.M, llania t.i.flav In wwl ("".I V':."""- "V "".I 7.' " n jwnmiuin nei wirur. Mr. Mensen. wlw jtave his une ns tldrty-.l. and h. reeiuence as ?0. oiu u,1.KWOuld I 'his socond marriage, hli W(fe having died. .1.. I. .. .1 I., ... .UBI... vfra irnaUiJca la a daiivhtaa of riAAaiA Itlehenl. and gro he iu aa thirty-six.

U-Year -Old Fiaht to Stan

Afro. TERESA MSSOteLEY and SON ARTHUR

jaKen r-rom rsewarK bcnooi et k. - a ! by Builder's Wife After Four-Year Absence. "You can bet I'd light 'cm now," says Arthur McSorley, eleven years old and n much kidnapped boy. xn' I can put up some scrap, too. I'm t rd of being made to go when I don t want to be." Arthur was standing alongside his mother, Tnrosa MoSorlcy. In the home of his aunt, Mrs. Margaret Bauer, at No. 449 West 200th Street, whenco he had been brought after hts mother'H sensational coup in Newark with him yesterday aflcAoon, when nho re sTalnenl possession of her son, Arthur a oionu nairea. u ue eyed, rosv checked youngntoc whose experience In being tossed from one parent to another has not affected a broad, boyish smile. 1 was beginning; fo think VA never seo htm again," aald Mrs. McSorley she hugged him. "He had been gon nearly three years. Then, es teraay morning. District Attorney Francis Martin ealle.i m on , phone. Ho told mo his detective) had at last obtained traoo of my son. He1 directed me to tho Summer Annim Bchool In Newark, and when r want thero and saw my boy It was u ncw ( leoso on life for. me." The McSorleya formerly lived at

No. 2767 Marlon Avenue, the Hronx. Tuo ',erth Amlioy Medical Society Mr. McSorley was a wealthy contrac- ,nl" WMk I"! josolutlon reim tor and builder, and Arthur Jr. Is the ' mending the modification of the Vol only ' child. The couple separate! ' "'""d ucl bo as to permit the use of

about eight years ago, "On Dec. 3. 1917." said Mrs. McSor ley, toarfully relating the story of her child's disappearance and long ab sence, "Arthur was on his way to tho Ursullne Academy on the Concourse, His father met him and said ha want- ed to buy him a suit. He did so, but when the suit was bought he took him away on a train. Just where tho boy does not know. "I notified the police and Capt. An- drew Wines lind hlH men searching for several months. It grew tlrosome getting the same discouraging re -

portB. Finally I went to District At- thelr homed. One wholesale house In torney Martin and told him my story. I the Perth Amboy district (thero aro "Wo got clues from every part of (iVo, has sold since Nov. 1. 1B1. W. tho country. My boy tells me now 754,85 worth 0f hop., and malt for do that hla father dragged, him on two m6st0 brew. One dealer whoso bu.l trlps across the continent. These. I neM WM threatened with failure

FIREMEN TO HONOR LALLY AT FUNERAL Detail in Uniform and Department's Hand to Take Part in Obsequies, Fire Chief John Konlon, by special order, has arranged for a uniformed escort and the Department Hand to attend the funeral of Thomas Lully. formerly Doputy Chief. It Is tho oeoond time suoh honors have been paid a former member of the depart ment, the previous oocaalon being the funeral of Thomas Kenny, a former Battalion Chief, several yearn ugo. Former Deputy Chief tally's fu neral will be hold from hl late resi dence, No. 178 Adelphl 8tret, llrook lyn, at 10 A. M., Monday Interment at St. John's Cemetery. The funeral osoort will consist of two 'brigades of thiee battalions each, flvo coni panlen to each battalion and twelve men to each company, commanded by Chief Kenlon, whose staff will consist of neputy Chiefs John O'Ham and Joseph Crawley and Honorary Deputy Chiefs Hubert Maimer and Ed. J. Kenny. The man will report In full uniform and will all be men off tour. Othor members of the department on leaves are requested to attend. The Hand, Hugle, and Drum Cori will bo under ireman Alex. J. Mulr. - - - iiiiBdreit. See AV an Tall to Dentli. - ti.. .11.,.. UklJ . 11 U,l "T "V""".' ' " bn In 111 health for ar, fell fran a,. .r a wimiuw oi nor ainiriiiirni on uie iii.i Iran Hireei inis morning, and w.i ktlle'i. Hundrls of prioiii saw tne woniui fall a (twy warn elation of too subway, r.i urrytng te the Uroek Avenue

Boy Would Willi Mother , , . have learned, were pilgrimages to ' Ileno, where I had blocked his efforts , to free himself from marriage. Hut I .. . . ,-v nnn. ltn'll I vo got my boy back now. Ho II never get another chance to take him away, for he's n young man now and 1 ho loves hui mother."

HOME BREW MAKES DRY LAW MERE JOKE IN PERTH AMB0Y

Mothers and Babies Now Share in "Booze," Says Doctor More Arrests Made. "HeeouRo of tho drastic Volstead net tho big brewerlos have been driven out of business and the boor Is being manufactured In tho home." "If there wero sutllclent enforce ment ofllcors to Interpret tho Eigh teenth Amendment '-JUernlly I am convinced that oltlzens would resort to rioting, rather than submit to a search of their prlvato domiciles." B0 Ur' wllllam "amsny or mo 1,erUl Anly Medical Society, su- porvismg pnysiwan in every ,inuu- trial plant In Perth Amboy and a memuur or tne conference uoaru or , Physlolans of industry deolaroa-io (,Ry- light wines and beers. Hero are soma other statement and figures concern ing the homo brew booxe tretllo quoted by Dr. Hanutay: There Is more beer In Perth Am boy now than before tho dry law went ' Into effect. Women who never even ' tasted btwr before the Volstead act ' now brew It In their homes and give it to their ehlldiun. The parents aro convinced that imcaum It Id made at 1 home It Is all right for their kiddles to have It. Now tlmt people oannot , obtain 2 pur cent. beer, they brow the ,8 pr cent, to 10 per cent, brand In about the time the Volstead act went Into effect, now disposes In one week In Perth Amboy between seventeen and twenty groan ot beer bottle stop pers. One wholesale houso In this district whoso business previous to the dry law amounted to approxi mately 4,000 in dry fruits, figs, rais ins, prunes, has, since tho first of the year, done a business amounting to $72,5M),24. Those aro actual figures taken from the booku. "The Prinolpal of a high sohoul here told mo this story recently," said Dr. Ilamnay. " 'About 11 o'olock ono morning I noticed one ot my pupils take a flask from his pocket and drink. I approauhed the lad, smelled the stuff und decided It was liquor. Tho boy was then half Intoxicated, He confessed his parents made it at home, lie was eleven years old. ' Thero are three manufacturing plunts In Ilerth Amboy where essence of Jamaica guigvr Is made. In pre violin years the limit of one of thee plants was $200 yearly Hinco Jan. 1 one has sold 110,000 worth of !l per tent, alcohol. One of the largest plants in Perth Amboy has been un ubl to manufacture sutllclent cop per tubing to moot the demand fur stills. Malt and hop am openly sold by ohaln stores In the Perth Amboy district, for 36 cents at ntwrly any drug store you can purchase an ex tract of Jamaica ginger which con feMMM to 9S r cent, alcohol on the label. This drink would render you hors de roinhAt for at least a vsoek. "For a year previous to Prohibition." aald Chief of Polite J. Ilurke, "there were 17 arrests for drunken- n,t mm To-oav it is ilotjli e tnai Iliruro in wet U nesythe to wn had !? SS: To-day t is double that figure. To-day there are sixty." The Chief .hu..;i th rt-,n..r hlf . ,ir,n ,iif. ferent brands of home brew that had ".nil ill -

been seized as evidence. One of the t're or name irew oi n n o.. hottles contained the famous "ctnlp hollc content In favor ot light wines 1,11" lint llatan tr, thia una ahoilt and lieerS,

tbe'"JUt," lold by fhlef llurk:

"During the first month of the Vol- very thoroughly," declared Dr. John mn, of liorsaa iirt in tevt.-al years ea,. act we received a phone eall at O. Wilson, "Hut I am certain then? due to a eoiMMWoB of tke war em le'iktlcm houee declaring that a ahould 1 mu elwnge In the dry jwjrm t! uW tMt wul

Hi the jaau had ojlnitjcd a Jjrce aeax the home

i M. m mmmmm mm. mm .e mmm KAiL KAILS KLAUI High Priced Seats Also Con tribute to Big Slump in Patronage. While outstanding Ktioee m New York are playing to big money, It was said to-day that the slump In the theatrical business has cost man agers a largo sum of money both In and outside of tho oKy. Blxtcen of the forty-four attme- Uons In first. elas theatres In New York yesterdAy had tickets on sale In tho cut-rate agencies. Lnnt week , twenty-eight shows of various types wero ok) red on tho road. An Actors' Kqutty League official wtlmated to-day that about 2,000 actors are out of work In this city. about 1.000 more than at this ttmn last season. Similar conditions exist In othor cities. Some producers frankly admit the unprecedented boom In the theatre that followed the war seems to be nearlng un end. Various causes are assigned for the depressing conditions. The Increased railroad rates not only have reduced t the numer of road companies, but , made It harder for those sent out to ! pay, and Incidentally bring to tho cities congestion and a surplus of en I tertnlnmcnt. The higher rales also cut the out of town patronage or city theatres. There have been about fifty New York openings this season m Against SOinO Nlllir UP 111 III" Sltoro unto mat Tnc pl,Mlc ncCordlng to some irenls. Is beirlnnlnr to balk at paying $2 50 for the best seats at night, and U for Saturdays and holidays. AFTER ROBBERY Japanese 'and Boy Give Hold' Up Men Plucky Battle, but Both Badly Cut. A Jap-tneso and a sixteen-year-old oo--aro in nnicxemooKer iiospuaj. uuwi in a uymg conuuion, nuuora last night by a band of night high waymen. The Jnpaheno lost (50 and was stabbed twice, and tho boy was stabbed three times when found to nave no money. Jlowi put up a plucky light. The police have ar rested three KUspecLi, held In tho West 100th Htreet Station. George Menken, the boy, was talk Ing to )il Mister, Mrs. Id sin Meyers, In front of tholr home, at No. 171 West 7th Htreet. when attacked. His assailants pushed him to the curb, and when ho fought "back stabbed him twice In the back. They searched his pockets white Mrs. Moycrn screamed for help, and when they found noth ing stabbed him again leaving Menken In the gutter, the eight men walked across the street toward Haletro Matsumoto, thirty-one years old, of No. 244 West 10M .Street. Matsumoto put irp a brave struggle, ouunlng three of his at- takers to groan with pain from bruises he Inflicted by the Jlu Jltsu method. Hut ha received a knife wound In the abdomen and went down. They took the money he had In hts pockets, and, slabbing him In the thorax, took to their heels, of .tho complainant and was meowing like, a oat. Detective Hergeant Imw rence A. Ing was sent to Investl- irate. He found a ruw-ooned for etgner sitting on the branch of a tree In tho 'Hudapest dlitrict,' emitting sounds similar to a tabby. Coaxing proved of little avail. A small urchin nearby told the detective of a mouse his mother had Just caught In a trap at home. Thither they went. Armed with the mouse the detective went bftok. showed the mouse to the eatnlp drinker. The man Immediately came down, but It took half a doxen men to tame him." Moral: Ivy off the cat nip Juice. One cannot buy a re-ady-nrido still at any one atore In Perth Amboy The usual procedure l to get the kMtle on place, the eon at anotner, ml th Inmn or stove at still another. flnn salesman In a furniture house Bald he hail o!d enough two-burner nil heators to make every man. wom an and child In Perth Amboy warm for the winter. While awaiting the frosty nips, he declared, they were nmlMblv belnir ued to heat mash In home-made still. One landlord in a nwtrtiy town sold that In one of his Rpartanent bulldliws, twenty-eight families noswd stills. There were inriv.uvn anartments. Other Perth Amboy physlrlans talked to the reporters: "Snmi thing should be done," said Dr. John V Mhutl Klther reiwui tne aci nr n force It with everyliody. The stuff ,,r - - .Mt ehok. a Ikm u, a tiruwi nnwHuuvi wduiii miKii T,T,.l,iL v Vlll 1 act," declared Dr Matthew F. 1'rban- . .. .. .. . , ' "kl. -would discourage " ' "I have not Inveetigated the matter UV

BY BAND OF EIGHT

MOUNT VERNON SPOOK MYSTERY PARTLY CLEARED BY ALL-NIGHT

VIGIL OF PSYCHIC REPORTER!

- Evening World's Expert Seeks "Spook" DisturWr of Hart ley Park Spooners. GETS NO SIGHT OF HIM But Mystery of Why the Ghost Walks Is Cleared by ' Taxi Bill. Mount Vernon has been disturbed nightly for moro than a week past by a psyehte phenomenon whloh has sent the ehllls down the vertebrae of the moot hardened, A ghoit baa walked In the prettiest ot Mount Vernon's parks. Hartley Park, putting spooners to rout and piling up the revenue ot the taxtcab Industry, for the ourtoui have been going up there In throngs. Nobody walks but the ghost. The Kvenlng World last night sent up Its psychlo reporter to learn, It possible, why this ghost walked. As he stepped off tho train he was a- coated bv Al Qleeson. one of the (I lee- ,

son Ilrothera of Inxlcab fame In the When he reached the rooms of Mr, "haunted village." Anna MoOee on the third floor aha Did Mr. flleeson know anything volunteered to rouse the rest of tho . about the ghost? Well, he guessed he Itouse If thay would take her throe dld, but, whisper, It must be told year-old son, Kdward, to safety, behind corners, and publicity must be ; When the firemen arrived four oC avoided, lied Mulligan, the cop, was ( them went up the fire escapes and at tho lad who had been deputed by ladder and helped down Mr. and Mnw Chief of ISjIIm Atwell to lay that Ifllen Johnson andher flfteen-year vhoaL and the driver ot the haok was 'old daughter Lillian, Mrs. Hugh Oal-

tho only man In Mount Vernon who ; had Immediate access to the Immortal 1 Mulligan. OFF ON QHOST HUNT IN A TAXICAD. "Drive on," aald tho psychic repor ter of The Bvcnlng World, to whom money was no objeet compared with Journalistic ourloslly. and be It said to the credit of Mr. Oleeewn. he drove on. It wasn't a real ghost night In Mount Vernon. There wns no rain, no thunder or lightning. No wind camo howling through the leaves or rattled the shingles of the roots. Thoro was nothing to scare anybody, nnd yet the fat sides of Dave uovine. i ha Mount Vernon auhorlty on ngnia nnd fighting, wero Jellying, and thn teth of bold Dick Caahln were Mat tering. lloth ot those heroes hart seen mo ghost. They saw him on Wednesday night. They saw him and mado for hlni, but on automobile boat them to the ghost had ran him down. "Yes." aald Levlne. "I went out 10 iret that ghost. There's a wholo lot of things I don't believe In and a ghost la ono of tbem. Hut say, when I see something in white come danc ing along I get a llttlo excited, but 1 ain't dssed until I ee an automo bile run over It, and then see It get up as If nothing had happened to It- well, then I ran. re, l ran, ami n Man O' War could havo oaugnt mei hn must le some horse, but I want to tell you that ghost didn't cateh tne-" Oh, I could tell you sometning, said Diok Cashln. "Yea. hut how much Is in 117 ny. I ve ben through tho war and then some, but listen." The boys were all gathered In Hay Deody'a coffeo saloon. They weie a brave bunch of boys, and were Joshing and Jollying Dad Deady. and Dad was going right back at them, and then tho vlllago bell rang out the midnight chimes. VIOIL WAS VAIN, OUT 8ECRET 18 SOLVED. Twolvo o'clookl Tho hour when graveyards are supposed to yawn and tho ghost Is -aid to walk, and the psychic reporter of Tho Kvenlng World was hurried Into his hack and went down to Hartley's Park all .in. n-uli Al aicofton at tho whoel. The park was terribly quiet. Not a s poo nor was u oo wmuu mui were falling, but there wasn t o. breath of wind tlrrinr. It was aw fully discouraging. Whero was IUd Mulligan, the psychlo oop of Mount Vernon7 Oh, well, where was tho ''Tho' lights wero still shining through Hartley Park. nncn. whloh In doya of old were used for spooning, wore overturned nnd brok en. It looked as If some great force had been at work, and while Ited Mulligan couldn't be sen. his influ ence was felt In the unnatural quiet of everything. It was a pipe that If that ghost attempted to walk bo would be pinched. Th Bvenlng World man bumped Into Hoy Hubbell, one of the moat distinguished oltUena of Mount Ver non. He was out looking lor tho ghost of Hartley Park. "Yea. I aaw him all right." aald Mr. Hubbell. "It was the night before lost, and I want to see htm again. He was tall and white and most se pulchral. I was just about to grab him

woen an auwuiui'iie i iHo, liia wean vitw Avenue, nrook-

him and to tell the trutn, after int;iyn. lie was unmorriea ana nu been

1 wasn't so anxious to see htm Mr. Hubliell U the assistant Omirge W. Sweeney of the Comma-1 dore Hotel, and he oat through the long vigil of the night with The Rve- 1 nlng World man. The ghost iVJn't, walk, finally Mr Hubtwll said gKl night and told the reimrter that he whs going to tell It to Sweeney. Mix dollars, sam ine anauio taxi , mun , The Evening World reporter mm " " 0l.r ,0 The Kvenlng World man that . 11 u,,,a n,. bmHr nnv won. ,hB KhoMt "u- . KMIIWMIO l.ll'TUII n IIUItMiH, I The freight ateanishlp Michigan, At- I tantlc Transport Line, due hvr to day from lAiiuliiti, has on bbArd sixty ,lloae(1 Kntcllah horse, tne nri snip- I laouta dlacoaj ban ncrt.

SIXTEEN FAMILIES ARE DRIVEN OUTOF: " HOMES BY FLAMES i

Firemen Rescue Many Front ; Brooklyn Apartments Dog Rouses Master. nwnn leuniiinr) wrro driven iron their homes in the Itoxboro Apart- " mints at No. 4JS Sterling Pta, llrooklyn. by heavy mofte rbrlag from ' a Are In the fuel room In the baa ment early te-(Vay. Many came down the fire escapee, fearing suffoeaUott i en the stairways. A negrn postman saw smoke oanv j Ing from the front door and eoJlltur ' Timothy O'Hrlen of No. S12 Htfrtlntf Place, went In to mte the tenants. laghtw- and her daughter. Firemen Deveny hnd Nolan of Kngine 220 Morris nf Truck 331 and Dowltnf ot Truck lot between them carried flfcvn Mrs. Agnes Cox, who was 111, and her twj children, Herbert and Mary, Nona ot those aiding thn tenant tltought of the first lloor, where th French poodle of the family ot Joseph Foy waked Mr. and Mrs. Foy and tholr daughters, Alice and Marlon, by Jumping on their beds and barking. Tho flames were confined Jo the) wood bin. ' GRIEVES OVER LOSS OF HER SCARAK Mrs. Armestead's Room in the Oar klgc Robbed and Valuable Jewelry Missing. detectives to-day were ordered Co keep a sharp outloolcfor an Egyptian scarab, part of several thousands ot dollars' worth of valuables stolen yesterday afternoon from a room in the Hotel Clarldge, oooupled by Mrs., Mary 11. Anne toad of Caroleeo, N. C. When she returned from a mutlneo yesterday evening she. found the window shades pulled down and a key In tier trunk look, although her own Vey was In her handbac. In vestlgatlon revealed that a strong box In the trunk had been broken open and looted. Khe reported that several thousand dollars' worth ot Inspiration Copper stock, several thousand dollars worth of Mexican Petroleum, share ot miscellaneous stock, 600 In cosh, some heirlooms ot Jewelry she con sidered Invaluable, a quantity of Kgyptlan Jewelry and a scarab she had owned for fifty years were mist Ing. Mrs, Annestead Is particularly, grieved at the lose of the ooarab. MARINES HUNT LOSr . BOY OF 4 IN WOODS Son of Naval Officer Disappear! Prom Migazines Station on Iona Island. United Htatra sailors and marines; Palisades Park policemen and roltuv trers. wero out all day yesterday searching for four-year-old Wl boumo Davis, so of Paymaster John K. Davis of th.Vnited States Kaval Magazines HUtloa on Iona Island, near IVokakllL The boy vanished from the island four days ago and the searchers believe he may have bees lost In the woods tn Stony Point Township on the nialn!an f The Island Is connect airith the west shore of the Hudson a bridge and he may have crossed or he may have fallen Into the river. The boy worn blue denim overalls and tea shoes and waa bareheaded. HOI'lOt.KS.II.Y I I.I,, KII,U4 SEL. A few hours after ho learned hla cas was hopeless. William A. Moss, ferty ens. a patient in the Kiio;s Ceunty Hea- pltsl, llrooklyn, commtttud sulekla last night. He climbed to a porch and dove head tint to the ground, breaking hie nerk and fracturing his skull. Itesa wua un Mtatriral ftntrlnaar kiul ttv4 .

atjln tne noapiiai sinm uci. . to, ' - - - -

CANDXES ThY UUR PUPUUR iPEUALS MILLER'S EIGHT W'WIENT STORES lat Irulw'', 7- llrosdwer i ana) ri wr r.nn llruudwur llniu At Sarins xt At 4 let B Utll llroadMsr 1U08 ltroa At 6le.ar Bt. .At 4lh i 1 V.U NttU 8t. 757 llread' St. Heehaun o- a


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-11-15, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280799/1920111501/0335.xml ===

MOVIE OWNERS HELD EO ON HUNT FO UILDING To. Night's Weather RAIN OR SNOW. To-Morrow'i Weather HAIN OR SNOW.

pi 11 o dc sure ui

11 Order Sim Advance-from 1 n 7 u RvT fl . . Hi

VOL. LXI. NO. 21,588 Paul Hymans, Former Premier of Belgium, Is Chosen First President. ONE WOMAN DELEGATE. Applause Follows Expression of Hope that United States Will Join. OENBVA, Nov. 15. Amid cheers for the United States. President Wil son, Belgium and King Albert the Assembly of the League of Nations .yras formally organized to-day ty the election of Paul Hymans, former Pre mier of Belgrum. as President. Crcnrdu In the galleries Joined In the cheers. Forty-two nations wero rep resented and M. Hymans received tho Totes of 35 of them. There were more than 100 delegates present when the Assembly was called to order by M. Hymans, who read me cam ior me mcewig isui-u (by President Wilson, as provided by I . . .. . . I the Covenant of the League. An address of wclcoino was made , by Premier Motta ot Switzerland, I who said: . I "Washlngton Is the home of liberty I and the United States cannot long remain out of the League." M. Motta addressed a message of good will to President Wilson and the tall rang with approbation. The Premier referred to tho fact that Geneva had been chosen over Brus sels as the permanent scat of the League, and linked It with a tribute to King Albert. Tho mention of the name hrought renewed applause. M. Motta declured the, world hoped lor economic reconstruction to grow out of the Assembly's debate. He suggested the breaking up of mon opolies on raw materials ns a neces sary step M. Hvmans's election as President was announced by Premier Motta, who had himself received four votes for the Presidency. 11. II. Ador of England and Leon Bourgeois, France, had one each. "We do not pretend the covenant is peVfcot or that It .can't bo Im proved,' said President Hymans In his 'addrcj-J after election as Presi dent. Ho de:i.ed ic League was In any way a i.;r - state, threatening tho sovereign'- of any nation, "It Is untie' a clearing house," he atd, "da facilitate freiiuont contact Sttvt-en various states with n development of understanding and sympathy." Only ono woman delcgato presented (Continued on Sixteenth Page.)! INHERITANCE TAX ON SECURITIES VALID l piKU l U. S. Supreme Court in n Vlioii it.icking that Section. v' AMIINOTON. Nov. IS Supreme t ' t to-day upiuld the section 6f tho fork M.ito Inheritance tax law, i, ti -is tli. 1 1 on Inherited securities .xtrn tax of five per cent, should, r vie. I iinlrm u -peulul ftullip tax c ,.i'Wii iiinpeiiy tax hud been paid i ... I hi in. Viir. 11 U'atfon uid I fdeitek Wat , r i.l iK'il this Kri'tllili of the law v il, . State at: i Kiptt'd In eolleet the , i nlieril.oieo I'-V) o'i Mvurlllen on v ' neiinei the ni imp ior pernonul r, .,. 10 1 'X h!ld llt'CII l.i.(l j THE MOW.IJ. 1 HAVEL Aj3e, fiilUMl ltSv,i, lluliJ SJV N. V. t't- TfWllJUl rjoii ron fur cuti ind pare EL HL'IIKAIt. lam a.1 OJ t an Udimiu toon. ind prU ojoo du iai uj mnun muu tm ,

42 NATIONS ORGANIZE in W ASSEMBLY OF THE LEAGUE "1

aiviiu ura rurc vvilouin

woria, DAILY. Copyright, 1120, by Co. (The New HARDING'S TRAIN STILL HELD UP President-Elect Hopes to Get to Brownsville Some Time To-Day. I'OI?'T ISABEL,, Tex., Nov. 15 (As socla' i Press). His vacation broken' up d roadways to tho' outside world till .fcd by ono of tho worst stomw known In this region. President-elect Harding planned to make another at tempt to-day to get Into Brownsville to spend In comfort the remaining two days of his visit to Texas. Ho already had said goodby to the frail seaside cottage that haw housed him through thruu duys of wind and cold, but his effort to get awny cume to grief when his special train, narrow gauge and gasollno propelled, broko down Just outside of Point Isabel. Afcr a .dismal four hours on the wind-swept prairie ho returned her-j after dark last night, but his train ,wus held 'for another try about noon to-day. This offered hlit only avenue nf H,.rw rtn.. for thu whBOn roa(la Wliri j,nBaJ11Mlula to automobiles. I Murine the morning senator Harding aid some more .work tm the speech no u t0 deliver next Thursday at New Orleans, Just befpre Panama. It would ni he sails for not surprise soaio of those near him if he took particular nollje of reccnt developments in the general financial situation. It is known that he has watched stock market rluc- tuatlons with unusual Interest and is maKing a study or a possible letnedy for. threatening economic tondencles. $2,940 WAS SPENT TO ELECT A WOMAN Miss Robertson's Congressional Campaign Manager Reports S325 Deficit. WASHINGTON, Nov 15. Expendi tures of J2.D40 were made In the cam paign op behalf of Miss Alice IloberUon of the Second Oklahoma District, the second woman to be elected to Congress, according to i report filed to-day with tho Clerk of tho House of Representa tives by her campaign manager. Receipts were given as $2,615 and the dnflctt, It was stated, will be made up from subsequent collections "to ratify the result of the election." Miss Robertson declared In her state ment that "no pledges or promises were made" to Obtain her ejection. Tho Single Tax Party reported the expenditure in the Presidential" cam paign totalled only I2.CI8. Receipts wcroKlaccd at $3,123 and theto were no Individual contributions of more than $500. Tho list Included several dona tions from persons living abroad. VENIZELOS BEATEN, REPORT IN LONDON Premier and All the Cabinet Except One Member Said to Have , Failed. LONDON, Nov. 15. An Exchange Telegraph despatch from Athens un dir to-day's date says Iho results of the elections In tlrrcce yesttrda, so fnr as known, point lo a defeat for Premier VcnUolus. Tho Premier and all the members of his Cabinet ex cept ono seem to have failed of elec tion, tho message declares. Tho Government, fidds the dispatch, hofl dcoldi.il to appeal to U popular vote, if the final results arc against M. Yonlzelos. Direct dlspulclics from Alliens, icnt eorly this murntiig, Htalcd Pn- mler Venizluti daiiiial Hint his purty hiil oluuiiieil ,i .inujiini v- in the uk-c-uuns thruiighout (ireeif. 'lint li Dllilll li lilt line, OltHKNPIHUt':. Ind, Nov. 1,1 Will- i . ... U 3r II, tlt..,l. .. l...l ... .Jl.. v,,, ckuk life Ull ll llllllll IE l,i ,:m,la u L-I...Pf., ,niU I... l.i , ii,llln .i .1, i, I..." i " ......n,, .-ur,u ,7. ,,, I, IB UOg. The doc accidentally pi-essd the trigger' i "I "'V'vi u"" as lie serHinniea

"A niivn u iiuiiunk pjuiyinttr ermine cuuar apo pawnea u. ii w sUrtln.. .... . 'said site guvo U to him to pawn.

"Circulation Books Open to AIL"

The l-rrn, 1-ublUbliig York World). NEW General Escapes, but 100,000 Refugees Are Unable to Leave Sebastopol. 30,000 REDS ARE SLAIN. All Americans Are Reported Safe- U. S. Red Cross Stores Looted. PARIS. Nov. 15. -Pebastopol has fallen, the Itusslan Bolshevlkl having occupied the city last night, accord ing to Information received by tho French Foreign Office. Tho Bolshevlkl aro reported to be masters of tho whole Crimean Peninsula. Qcn. Wrangcl, members of his staff and M. Martel, French High Commis sioner at Sebastopol, were taken on board tho French warship Waldeck Housseau and are expected to arrive In Constantinople late to-night or to morrow. Some of those connected with tho Foreign Ofllce estimated that Bolshe vlkl had captured"b('twcenl5i),0o"uantl 200,000 Wrangel troops. Bolshevlkl losses In killed and wounded are esti mated ut 30,000. American Bed Cros sloi chouses are roported to havu been pillaged by h mob. Tho Wnldeck-Boussfau and tie other French and the American and British ships at Sebastopol did not leave thnt port until tho Bolshevlkl were within the walls of the city. These ships, according to the Foreign Offion advices, were loaded to ca pacity with refugees and tho rem nants of Gen, Wrangle's troops. Many refugees were left bohind. and these. It was said, probably num bered 100.000. The fate of these refugees Is caus ing great anxiety, as the American relief organization has also left tho Crimea. The majority of the refugees have 'pecn dependent upon the Ameri can relief workers for their sus tenance. LONDON, Nov. 15. As Great Brit ain has never recognized the Wrungel Government and Is now negotiating for the opening of trade relations with Soviet Russia, the British Navy will continue to observe strict neutrality In the Black Sea. Reports from Constan tinople that the British Navy would assist In tho blockade of Black Sea ports were denied by tho Admiralty. JUDGE GETS AFTER . POLICE SNOOPERS Says They Should Hunt Robbers and Pay Less Attention to Slums. "It seems to me that able-bodied de tectives can find, as police officers, work of greater benefit to tho com munity than that of snooping around In the slums In quest of unfortunates whoe moral fibre poverty may havo broken down," said County Judge Mac Mahon In Brooklyn, to-day as ho sus pended sentence on Miss Mary O'Neill, forty-six years old, of No. 1 Prospect Terrace, Brooklyn, for whom tho pro bation officers had found employment "let the deteotlves," said tho Judge, "Concern themselves with tho work of ridding our borough of tho robbers and thieves who havo been spreading terror in our midst. Tho patrolman who In uniform conscientiously does his duty, protecting us In our life and property. In ilosrrvlng f the hlnghcsi commendation and is not half paid. "It Is eminently unfair when other members of the fnrre, through the fnvor of infliieiittlnl friends, are able to gut nsa'gninents a plain-clothes men. 1 do nut earn half thu money tin y receive." .rrnr,i Korinrr nnnlMi rmy orflner. Itrnning 1HNaM, tormerly a Lieuten ant In the Danish Army, now living nt IlamonHvllle. N Y . w.n held In $l.W)i . t-. , I Kin 1" 'n (inn Ateinie i-nuri. nrooK- llAlll I" I ll rilill ,,-il'l. V I Ivn ln., n nil mmnli.lnl .-( Mr- Ann, W. RapMadt. No. 660 jath Street. Ilrnok- ij-p. wno charges mat lie carried aiyny

YORK, MONDAY, UNTERMYER IS 0F1

"Surface Only Scratched Thus Far"'in the Investigation by Lockwood Committee. WILL STICK TO ONE LINE. J Does Not Want to Divert Forces to Inquire Into All Contracts of City. During a conference between tho Lockwood Housing Committee and the Board of Estimate to-day, Samuel Untermyer, chief counsel of the for mer body, declined tho invitation of the Estimate body to go Into a gen eral Investigation of all city con tracts nt this time. He made It clear that the specific purpose of tho Iock. wood Committee on Housing wus not to. investigate r.lty , ddpartnie.ittitiut all the elements which contributed toward creating the present housing situation. The Boanl of Estimate -cconvened after Us conference with the Lock- wood committee and decided to con duct a separate Investigation of Its own of all city contracts. This In vestigation will be open to the pub lic. Tho resolution was Introduced by the Mayot. After having Informed the ulti mate Board that the lockwood com mittee hud bigger tasks on hand than even the Investigation of city con tracts, and "that It has merely scratched the surface" In Its search after corruption, Mr. Untermyer of fered several suggestions which he said may be adopted by tho city as a measure of protection for Itself onu a guarantee of a square deal for honest contractors. "If you don't pay contractors thoy will fall," said Mr. Untermyer. 'Not only that, (but many thousands of men will bo turned out of Jobs, Important city Improvements will be held up and tho Injustice and misery which would follow would be Incalculable. Therefore, the city should not take so brutal a step as to hold up all olty contracts and place every con tractor In the limelight of suspicion." WRONG INTERPRETATION BY THE MAYOR. Mayor Hylan Interrupted Mr. Un- tormyor to say: "1 Inferred from vour letter on the subject that you meant that tho Kstlmutc Board should hold ud nil contracts pending the outcomo of tho investigation." "You'd better read my letter again," replied Mr. Untermyer. "for I never dreamed when 'I wroto It that you would be so reckless as lo attempt m scran all 'city contracts, good and bad. Tho Lockwood Housing Com mittee is not here merely on u sinell inir exncdltlon digging up corruption for tho mero pleasure of the thing. If that wero our purposo I'd bo ushamod of myself. Wo nro hero for tho purpose of clearing the com- (Continued on Ninth Page.) Classified Adocr Users Important! Classified advertising copy for The Sunday World should bfl In Tho World olllco On or Before Friday Preceding Publication ilLillJtd Adltrltstmtnti Retcittl AFTER 8 A. M. For publication the following day EARLY COPY Receives the Preference. THE WORLD.

ON MIL Firemen Make Rescues With Ladders After Three Are Overcome. Mrs. Amelia Forrcn, while In a butoher shop this afternoon, saw smoke jiourlng from the windows of her apartment on the slxtli floor of No. t03 Henderson Street, Jersey City, where she had left her two jglifll)iuv'tnel!ui fottrv-and -Alestntler, sixteen months. She' fried to mount the stairs, hut smoke drove her back. Climbing up the flro escape, she broke Into her apartment through n wlndou, cutting her hand badly, and found both children unconscious. Gathering one under each ami, she started toward the llro escape, but was overcome by tho smoke beforo , reaching the window. Firemen, scrambling up ladders, dis covered the three lying unconscious on the floor uud bore them do.wn the lad ders to safety. They were taken to Jersey City Hospital, where It was said the baby's condition was Hcrlous. The fire, which caused about $500 dam age, was started by Stella, who sot a mattress afire while playing with matches. While the firemen wero lmsy in res cue work ami extinguishing the flames some one made off with one of their twenty-foot bidders and a pair of rub ber boots. THROWN THROUGH WINDSHIELD OF CAR New Haveii and Newark Autos Cradi Head-On Driver of Utter Arrested. Jennery Grunt, twenty-tune, of No. 29 Do Witt Street, New Haven, Conn., was thrown through tho windshield of his car, driven ly Anthony Roppa of tho same address, at Pclhnm Park way and I'elham Buiilcvard, when It was run Into, head on, this after noon by an automoollo owned by Cnrk Wlndrum and driven by Vernon Miller, both of No. 38 Fulton Street, Newark. Dr. Barrow found Grant was suf fering from a fracture of the skull and Internal injuries, ami he was re moved to Fordham Hospital In a serious condition. Miller was arrest ed and taken to Bronx "Vark Police Station, charged with felonious assault. POLICEMAN SHOT IN SALOON. I) on, Proprietor null Another Man All In Attack, Snr" OMIeer. Polleeman Wllllsm Oannoi of Jersey city s.nys hn went to tho saloon of Stanislaus Sehlurga. No. lit i:ajx Street. J'rfey City, early to-day to (in vestigate a complaint that a ma: had been robbed. Schlurga reached over aTd hit him with a club, lh man win, claimed to have lent the money Joined In thu at tark and somebody released a savtge dug from behind tho bar. according to tho policeman In the attHck tho po liceman ws shot rVhlurg and the other man, who iftll'-d h.maelf Ignstt llabcook. No. 71 i:Oi. Street, werv arrested. (Raolno Nrwi on Pag 2.)

MM AND BAB ES

" Civcitlntion Pooka Oven 1920. I. Mint ft it S rnl Office, Three Walk Nine Foot Board, Stretched Over Areaway, to Safely. MOTHER RISKS LIFE, j Rushes Into Smoke Filled Room to Save Bauies One Tenant Is Robbed. Mrs Vet tn Arvln, returning from the-corner grocery, to her homo on tho fourth flour f No. 78 Lewis Street at T o'clock to dny. found the halls filled with smoke and was al most knocked down by a rush of sonic of the members of eight fam ilies In the tenement who wnro es caping from a uulck starting flro on tho second floor in tho rooms of Mrs. Annlo Kcliucll. Mrs. Arvln pushed through thu fugitives and tmioko to her own flat, whuru she find left her fourteen-year-old boy llermnii, her seven-year-old daigtjjrKjiUr, iid,, two-and-a-half year-old baby sleeping. The flumes were racing up the stairs bohind her. Shu slammed the door and groped hcr way about In the smoke. The buys were awake, but leather was uncon scious. HUv pulled and dragged them to the back window and placed them on tho window sill. The bad: windows of the rear tene ment nt No. 1(3 tiioirck Hlrivt, only nine feet awny, wero filled with ex cited spectators screaii tng with sym pathy and horror. Just ns Mis. Arvln had decided to drop thu children four stories to the paved court, Alnaliam Schwiirtz of No. 3 Goerck Htreet and William Tiviselmiin of No. S'J Goerck Street pushed u nine-foot plank they had found on the roof across the gap between tho houses. It was narrow, and baby, the first to be pushed out to crawl across, f.il tuxed and would have fallen had not Kchwnt-tr. risked his life to stop out on the plank nnd catch him. The rest of the family followed safely. Meanwhile Nathan Hurt, a tenant from the front buldlng on Lewis Btreot, had put up a bidder against tho front wall of the burning tene ment nnd enabled a number of ten ants on tho fire-escapes to got down. Ono of them was Munnle Dlstlcr, twelvo-year-old son of Moses Dlstlcr, a third floor tenant. Moses had gono out leaving his trousers hchlnd. Mnnnlo picked then.' up and drugged them after him. There were $70 In the pockets and a gold watch. Mannle, who Is suffering from a rifle bullet wound received In tho slego of Lombcrg. fainted when he renched tho Btreot. Homebody pro tending to uid him stole tho money and tho watch. The fire was soon extinguished. A slight Injury to tho hund of young Schwartz and' the peril of the Arvln family caused the sending of four ambulanco tails. NEWARK MAYOR SELLS COAL lllntrllMitcK inn Tnn at I'rlpe 1,r Thnn lrslrr ('linrur. Distribution of HO tons or eonl which Mayor allien ordered through inde peiid'nt eonl operators to relieve the shortage In Newark, N. J., began to day Tho Mayor obtained a number of coil wagons and had supplied coal to the flret applicants on his waiting list, which dotnprlses 900 names. His price whs SII. OH a ton, which Is 0 to 73 cents below that of dealnrs here. Five carloads moij have been or dered from I'eiinsylv.inlii mines Tin Mayor has been assured by tl iml rouds that t'iu coal will le moid promptly, If it inn tm ol. tallied, ( VrlliiRliiiiir fnniiiiinr fill Time. fSI'RIN'UFirci.n. .Masr Nov. IS. T'ie Westlnghousi- Kleetrle A, Manufactur ing Company to-d,v put Into effect a cut from M to 41! hours a ue.-W in It w 'irking schedule iffeetlng I.S'MI em p.n eg. At the s uiie tlnu 'he Mooro Drop Forgo Company aholli'isd Its s-hour night shift, laying off bstwaen 160 and 760 man.

SHAMMED EXIT DOOR CAUSE j 5BB jess ' t1

to AIL" - t - onri - CI. - tv Mutter New nrUt N. V.

Depu ty Commissioner O'Grrady Urges All Picture Theatres in City Be Closed Until Investigati6n Estab lishes Safety Charged Door Was Locked.

Right here in New York -City, supposedly safeguarded by a mighty Police and Pire'C;partment, Fire Prevention Hureau, a Welfare Bureau of the Police, children's aid societies and numerous other public ani (iin'i-public organizations whose object is the protection; of children and In the face ol scores of laws governing such matters this is what happened yesterday: Six children wero crustieu" to death &s the result of a panic In an east side motion tfctur house. A number of others In serious con dition, are In hospitals. Witnesses, at tho scene of-tho disaster, slate that a cellar door upt-iilscd from the sidewalk hold closed un exit door behind which th children piled up In a heap to have their lives snuffed out. A lock taken from tho exit door was fastened by Its ring-bolt Intq two oyo scrows. Tho detective who took tho look from the door maintains that It was locked at the tlnio of tho panic.

STANDARD CUTS GASOLINE 1 CENT Announced as Not Due to Lower Costs, but to Aid in the Gen eral Adjustment. Tank wagon prices of gasollna will be reduced 1 cent a gallon to-day In Dtatas in which the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey and the Standard Oil Com pany of Louisiana operato, f. was an nounced hero lust night by President Teagle of the Now Jersey company. Htatc In which thu induction will bo effective Include. New Jersey, Mary land, Virginia, North Carolina, Houtn Carolina, District of Columbia. Louisi ana, Tt-nnesseo and Arkansas. The reduction Is not the result ot lower costs, Mr. Teagle said, but Is a movement to aid In lowering of price as part of Uie general commercial ad justment. SECOND INCENDIARY FIRE IN SCHOOL Blaze in Wardrobe of Brooklyn Uuilding Damaged Two Weeks Ago. The second Incendiary fire In two weeks was discovered this morning In Public School No. 23, at Humboldt and Sklllman Streets, Williamsburg. It wa in a wardroba used as a tookcase In room No. 10 on tho second floor, where Class 211 meets. Miss Perry, the teacher, discovered It a few minutes before tho pupils entered the school and called the Janitor, who extinguished It. A flro alarm was sent In but the flr.nnen found nothing to do. Kverett Barnes, Principal of tho school, said that two weeks ago a flro was started It room 33 and the boy who set It Is now In tho Catholic Pro tector). OFFICIAL SNOW, FIRST OF SEASON The first official snow of the season In Ne York City bei;an falling shortly before 10 o'elmk this morning, although omo claimod that there weio fluirles Oct 29. The full to-day wasn't mu.'h tobrji about at that. The snow melted as fast ,ia It fell and 'the boys didn't get a hanee to roll snowball, but the sight w sufficient to delight the soul of thu mall b'i . The following advisory miss.ige was r -celved to-day by the meal Weather Bureau from Washington, l. C: Northeast storm warning, 10 A. M.. Oulf Coast, ria. Hi Irfiula to Csdar Key. Ma. Disturbance over KaK Cen tral Gulf moving northeetwnrd. WW Increase In Inta'islty. cmislni; strong northerly wind late this afternoon and to-night. ,Ualo ovor Last Quit

': :::: ' :'"i& It EDITION PRICE THREE CENTS Who Ii Responsible? Flro Commissioner Drennan stout ly mntntalns thut members of his forco hud regularly inspected the the atre and found no violations. Kllen A. O'Ginily, Fifth Deputy Pollco Commissioner, who is In charge of welfaro work und under whose Jurisdiction comes the regulation ot picture houses, Insists that every pic ture hJuse In Now York be Imme diately closed that a drastic Investi gation of conditions he made. The two proprietors and tho man agor of the picture house where yes terday's tragedy occurred arc under arrest, chargod with homicide. The authorities have evidence that tho exit door was hopelessly looked or jammed, resulting In the deaths of the children. CHILDREN ADMITTED IN VIOLA TION OF THE LAW. Numerous witnesses have come fort ward who will testify that scores of children under tho ago of sixteen, unaccompanied by parents or guard tans, were ad mitted to tho theatre In complete def ance of law. Laws there are aplenty to safe guard life in motion picture theatres and departments and bureaus aplenty, whose duty It Is to enforce tho laws, but death took Its toll of children. Charged with homicide. Barnet Weinberg and Max Schwarts, pro-' prletors, and Joseph Polanl, man-' uger of the Now Catharine Motion Picture Theatre, were arraigned In the Tombs Police Court to-day be-: fore Magistrate Tobias. Before a plea could ho tukrn a question arose as to the amouht of ball which might be demanded and a temporary ad journment wus taken that Assistant' District Attorney Kdwin B. McOuIra! might consult with District Attorney Hwunn. , The prisoners were brought to the', Tombs Court from Police Headquar ter & whero they had been locked up during the night. They were ar-t ralgncd on a short affidavit, sworn, out by Detective William II Burns, Jr.. of the Oak Street station, the" arresting officer. Tho complaint charge" homicide In that: "While nctinrj together In con cert with each other on Nov. It - i that they did cause the dsath ef several human beings through culpable negligence In having, ' an exit door Isadlnrj from the moving picture theatre at No. 76 Catharine Strest looked and fail ure to take proper preeautiona to safeguard the patrons ef said theatre in violation of Section ; 1052 of the Penal .Law of the State of New York." Later an , additional charge was

I -. . . .-r IJL,


=== The Evening World (New York), 1920-12-16, p. 1 — https://chroniclingamerica.loc.gov/data/batches/nn_margalef_ver01/data/sn83030193/00237280799/1920121601/1057.xml ===

THE ii V 1 JN 1 JN U; W U aIiII, T n U xv iSJJA x , jj js u is m jb .e .k J. o , iau. g LEST WE FORGET r MAKE XM AS MERRY FOR THESEHEROES

LETTERS TO EVENING WORLD PROVE WOUNDED SOLDIERS HERE ARE NOT FORGOTTEN 1 Each Letter Contains a Substantial'Contribu tion to $10,000 Fund That Will Provide Christmas Joy to Our Helpless Heroes.

By Lilian Dell. Letters! Letters 1 Letters! Some of the most moving you ever read. 1 am nut going to try to write about our campaign to-day.

just going to let these letters tell the story. The llrst is from Floral Park, Long Island: To tlio Editor of Tho livening World: y I enclose my check for $G and have no doubt the balance will be easily obtained, as Ijlllan Hell's appeal In your to-day's Issue Is ono of the finest I ever rwtd and there surely aro many thousands of patriotic Americans In New York City who have not "forcotten" tbc wounded soldier they did not KNOW we had them wltn us in such numbers, that's all! I hope the boys will have n blp Christmas and I tnko off my hat to them and Tho Kvcnltitf World for calling our attention to such a worthy cause. Yours truly, 11. L. IJ3 GllAKD. Another Is Interesting on account of the mental attitude of tho writer, lie THANKS tho EVENING WOIU,D for but here! I only furnish the lctlcr. You furnish tho heart to appreciate this inan'a state of mind. He doesn't need US to holp save his soul by making him ap preciative of our efforts. I would say that It is already saved. To the Editor of The livening World: Pleuse no.-p.pt enclosed check -for $10 us a contribution to tho Disabled Soldlf-rs' Fund. I'ennlt me to thank you for calling this mutter to my attention and for providing the means whereby I can fulfil a duty which would otherwise have been neglected. Yours very truly, CLIFFORD 1 lAMOXT. Another, so very brief, hut what a world of pathos It contains. The Wounded Soldiers' Fund. The Evening World: In memory of our soldlur boy who died In France. A. K. and H. IC "Can I too not understand, when tho body of my only brother the last man In our family was returned from France Just last week and buried In tho olllcer's setcion In Arlington? Those who .send In tholr contributions In the name of a lost one, touch me In a way which possibly some will understand. A lady camo Into the office to-day and said she had no money to give but she offered us a War Savings stamp. We sent it down to the treasurer and he said ho coilld sell It and give us the money. So she Is credited with four dollars and something. We don't know tho exact sum. Hut again we were impressed by the eagerness of Hio donor to help. That's the spirit! Some men are Bcmllngcheeka with lelugfanm. Here is one from OHo Kahn, whose generosity to nverythlng worthy Is proverbial: t To" the Editor of Tht: Evening "World: . I beg to confirm herewith the following telegram which 1 have just sent you: , "Replying to your telesrum, 1 take pleasure In sending chock for J50 as a contribution to tho fund for Christmas gifts to tho wounded soltllcre in New York hospitals. I know of no more sympathetic thought than that of bringing ramp little cheer at this Ffimon or tho year, or Indeed at any season of the year, to thoo- biave stricken boys' to whom the Nation owes a debt beyond all reekonln- The Evening World Is entitled to gratitude for bringing forward that plan and charging Itself with Its thoughtful execution. I enclose che. 1 rr $50 to the. order of The Evening World, and I remain. Very truly yours. OTTO K.WIN. All during my war work, when I needed 'money, people havo said to ma: "Why don't you ask Otto Kahn? He'll give it to you!" I never DID ask him Serves we right. I'll say! I wonder why I didn't? Remember, our room Is 1101. l'ulitzor Uuildins. l'arh liow. ' Hove you sont anything yet?

SEND ALL CONTRIBUTIONS TO WOUNDED SOLDIERS' FUND TrlE EVENING WORLD.

TREATING AfNl INJUR.ED 5PIMIS

6WOOP OF WOUNDED tl E.K1 vrr WORK-MARINtT HOW

MOTHER, FATHER IGOURT FREES MAN AND SON KILLED AS HARRISS ARRESTED TRAIN HITS AUTO; FOR BLOCKING AUTO

Family of William J.. Love-1 Arthur b'ttlinger Threatens to lock on Way From Theatre Sue Deputy Whose Car

When Thev Meet Death

GOT LIQUOR, THEN HAS NOTHING ON HIS TOLD DRY AGENT. MIND BUT "BOOZE"

Brooklyn Restaurant Man Held on Information Supplied .by Customers. What la declared to lie the llrft casn of patrons reporting an nlleged violation of the liquor law In Brooklyn developed to-day when Henry Oetjeu, a restnuranl proprietor, wa held In $1,000 ball for a hearing. Ills bartendi r, Louis Mar. So. 3(ir. Wlnthrop Street, was held In J500 1H on tho clmrKO of Illegally dis pensing llfiuor. 0tjen, of thfi linn of Oetjen Hro.i. at No. 2210 Church Avmuo. Brooklyn, was arrested on the complaint of Charle lloberts, fiohlbltlon Knforco ment Aent. who i-ald five persons hnd lnfornu-d hlin they boURht liquor in tho restaurant on throe evenings. Oetjon wan charged with .maintaining a nuis ance bs- se'llliiK liquor. 11U attorney ald Oftjen Hro has abandoned the oalo of liquor when prohibition becaiTjt tffcctlvn. who added thai the restaurant wan frequented by Hiipremn Court Jus tices and ninny well-known citizens and that the ilni;es iiKnliint Oetjen and bU iiartcnder were unfounded. rumelvsTrial near the close

KrjMVutH'ii Makes Final Argument Ridiculing Allegation of the Defense. The trial of Dr. Kdvlard A. Ilumolv. n Wa ter Kaufmann and N'orvhi It. Llndholin for nlleged conspiracy to con eal tne Herman ownership of tho New Votk Evening Mall ftom the Allen l'ropert Oustoilran during the war with liermany Is expected to go to the Jury "'Vn'Kta'flnHl argument to-day Harold Harper. Special United States Attorney, said the testimony showed the money Cor the purchase of the Hall come from the German Government, and that tho defendants knew It. lie said Dr. numely had represented the; ' Ideas of Theodore Roosvelt1 and ridiculed -the contention .that his axitlvtt ea wer?

mainly oirewwa lowTiro ."'"

Daniel J. Cliapin, New Prohibition Agent for New York, Takes Office. Daniel ,. ityipln, who in the fourth of the Supervising I'rohimtlon ajtents for New Yor't City since tho Volstead Act went Into effect on Jan. 16 lartt. Hbstniied ch.ii'KO of the situation this moniln?. The new tiffont Is a bieezy Western er who has been In the revenue her vlco for eighteen years and looks like a man who means busl'ieas. He hpent most of tho day In gdltlnit acquainted with tho routine ot his office, havliiR had no exiwlcncc with tho "booze" lt uatlon. I "to you 'come her, Ifr. Chapln." ha wa asked, "with the InUntto'i of clcanhifnip New York and inakhiB the city bono dry?" "I am not KOlng to entrasce In mi) extravHKant Btateine'its," ho ropllwl. "Ilut." an eriKaultiff smll dlsappeartd. "I have had my summer vacation and I've hnuKht my I'lirlstmas pri'SHiU", uii'l haven't a thliiB on my intnU ex i cpt the btlslnesH I'l hand " STEEL MILLsIrE TO CLOSE. I.n'ek of Onlem iUe liif-Mipfit-

nlon Affrt-to 1!0,(MM lili-ll. Yt)l'NWTOVN, .O., Dec. 10. Uiald of Independent steel plant here Indi rutpd to-day that the mills will bo pm -

tlcnlly Idle from the end of this ctk until the tlrst of the tar, owing to la '( ul orders. The eontianplatel suspen jilon would effect about 20.00a. workers. IJI.-wt furnaces and other units whlh would uffor heavily from siUpensbm will be kept going. It was stated, but the mlin departments are expected to be Idle. I'nlted States Hteel Corpora tion mills lu this dlstrrct. howevor. arc expe.-ted to continue at their present rate of about SO per cent, production. Srlmltheax Xr Sitlw President. BEnXE. Hwltierland, Dec, Ed

mund Schultheas, Vice Xreildent 1)f Switzerland for 1820. was to.day elected rresldent for 1021 bvtparllamenx. He

Two men and a woman, mem bers of ono family, wcro Identi fied In East Orange, N. X, oarly to-day following their death late last nljrht when an" eastbound pasncnger trnln on the D., L,. tuid W. rtallroad etruch their automobile at tho ISrove Ktrcei (.los.ilng. The victims are William J. love lock, forty-nlnc. of No. 437 North Maple Avenue, Kasl Orange; his wife Clara, fifty-one, and sou Howard, nineteen. They were on their way from the theatre. ."Mother and son wore hilled in stantly and tho fathor died half un hour later. Mr. Lovelock mis connected with the Thomas Francis Press, printers,

Thomas Dole, watchman at tho

erobsitiK, uald that a westbound freight train had paisod just before thy acoldent. Ho lowered iho gates for this train, but tiuys that a stranger, anxious to pas?, rallied tho fates and hurried across. Then camo tin autumoblle beforo he could again lnwer the (rates. Miss Ma rim ret Dav. a muse, of No

Tii South 13th Street, Newark, who was jrolnic to the station, testlllod at

the inquiry the (rates were about half

way up when they began to descend. A. moment later eho hw tUe automo bile headldsht and heard tho crash of the collision. Kast Orange ottlclals and the rail road have o-hout reachetl an agree ment ptovldlng for the elimination of all tfrade crossings at a cost of M.300,000. The project has been un der debate twenty years. TWO IDENTIFIED AS BANDITS. Plrnd Sol fintlty lo Mnrder, Holi .liery end Amilt.

William Malonay and .fames Sheelim. , Identified by Kdward U Scba-f ns the bandits who on the nlnht of opt. lb held up hli saloon at No. 412 Meeker Avenuo. Itrooklyn, took 1131 and Jewelry I valued at 3,100 from him and shot and ' killed Charles Ixipez. No. 329 Uralinm 1 Avenue, when he resisted, to-day plead ed not guilty of murder, robbery and assault, before County Judge Haskell In Ilrooklyn. They were nUo identified t'V Alferd Miller, another man in the saloon, an.l bv Mrs. Mabol Miller, No. 27 Monrot I'lace. Hrunklyn, who said they entered her house Sept 25 as "representative of the landlord, and knocked her down, tied her to a tied and took $3.0011 wort' of Jewelry from her Malonev lived ar No. 69 Fifth Str-et. Ixjng Island City, and Sbceliun at No. 18:12 Second Avenue Manhattan Indtetiiients were retur.ird In !h County Coui't against elevn n.bor-. twelve biKla" ftr,d nftin thlHe

"go" Klgnal list then und Mr. I3tt l.nger Jumped bak into the cab, leaving tho door open. Commissioner HnrrLss' limousine cnmu along nnd etruck? the Open door. A block farther south, Mr. Ettllnger .nd, Mr. Hurrlh-8 c.iUKht up with n bf waa puyintr rhauftcAir, caught him by thr arm, displayed his ahleld and ('unanded: "W hat do m mean by obstructing 'rutlle In this manner?" Mr. KtMinger al,i ho told tho Com nr.ss.onri be didn't raro vho ho was and advised him to tukc hl hand off h:. arm. Tho episode ended In tho We.st 17th Street sUition, wlieie a summons was wsued. When the cute rjimo up In court it wan shown tint Mr. I'ttlln ger, being mi rely i ii.i.s"iigrr In thu 'lib, was not ret-nonsible for any oli bliui'tlon nf t.-.u'lc is C'uihcd. "Hut Kttlinji"- ..us abusive to me," conimu-i, Mier 1I,iiiis protested. "Thai i. not l ' f '1 He- Tralllo Comt," suld the .Magistrate. !Mnlene f I'lottcm f lliilln Itrtoll Alllrineil. CHICA'IO. Dc. IB. The Cnlted States Court of Appeals to-day at (limed the tbreH-year sentenee of Hnr oinbu llal liuota of New York, und

tleorgn I'sul Uoelun, Albert A. Wehdo and 'lustuv It. .lai-obson, of Chicago, etiiivleted 'f foni'i'tli'H a I'Hvoliitluti In India and ui-Rnr's'.ng m military e nedltlon ncnlnst KiiBluiet. The mull

Monday night, Air. i were tiled bWme Juugi- Kenesuw Al.

Kttlinscr Raid, he gi.t Into a tayl atiLrf""11'' Ctltll Street und told tho chauffeur to ,.sf,.ii for IH-KIiim f Mii,ilrn. r.i. drive down lirodway tn lid. Traflle HKI illADK. .lug.islm in. l , . 1 T. nr. l.v u iv.llermini ni JfiHi ''I""' Cabinet ',i-ilav Kinnted a yearly was hem up ' a ivnicrman nt -bitn ,,,, nIlfp f .ioo.OOu i-'ieneh fran. s to Street ai'd Air. Kttllnger got out of r,,rm-r K'lng Nb.holas and h, wife uie cut., intending t.. walk to :d i 'v.:;;?' .Vs.1!: J,' a'V.::":. 'ji'.'.

fritrect. Hut thu policeman gn.' hel(.Kj.i

Hit Taxi Door. . Special, Deput) Police C'onimis.-auer' John A. Harrlss, who rcpently'f und Broadway a hit too crowded for the oo'mfartable progress of his limousine, appeared In the Tratllc Court to-duy as a witness against Arthur Ktt llnger, No. 317 Hast 18th Street, a real estate broker. Magistrate Cobb dis missed the case and Air. Ettlini?er told reporters be Intended to hct nglnr.t Commissioner Ilnrrlsj "for false arrest."

SMOS ' honi to cood SALE

FALL & WINTER SHOES UNUSUAL REDUCTIONS 1431 BroidVi 1357 Brotdwiy 1177 Droidwsj 215 Drdwy 41 Certltndl SL 251 Tilth Are. Ftetor)' nockUml, Vim.

FJINKLI SIMON dlCEPTS SHOPS 2 to west :mth street

Men's Scarfs, Mufflers, Brushed Wool Wear, and such et ceteras Make Ideal Gifts THAT is provided they ire not of the mobocratic order, but have that well bred specialty shop air about them which is no less the badge of quality in mufflers and such than in those who wear them. The following conform to that distinc tion, though they' are only a few out of assortments for which we have ransacked the best sources at home and abroad.

Men's Brushed Wool Golf Jikets Men's Knitted Silk Four-in-hands Men's London Spitalfield Silk Scarves Men's Paris Silk Scarves ..... Men's London Cashmere Mufflers Men's Brushed Wool Mufflers . . Men's Paris Brushed Silk Mufflers Men's French Flannel Pajamas . . Men's Silk and Cotton Pajamas . . Men's Shirts of Imported Materials Men's Broadcloth Silk Shirts . . . Men's Velvet Dressing Gowns . . . Men's Blanket Bathrobes .... Men's London Golf Caps .

$18. 00 2. 50 3.00 5.00 3.00 7. 50 16.50 8.50 9oo 4. 00 10.00 75.00 lO.oo 4.00

BONWIT TELLER &CO. FIFTH AVENUE AT 08 STREET Special SaleFRIDA Y and SATURDA Y Women's and Misses' WALKING BOOTS and OXFORDS Formerly 10.00 to 18.00 12.00 Wing tip oxfords in dark tan Russia calfskin or brown Norwegian grain leather. Boots in dark tan Russia calfskin or black with dark gray buckskin tops. Heavy welted soles, low broad military heels.

To Clone Out About 20d Pairs WOMEN'S EVENING SLIPPERS Not all sizes in each style bul collectively all xizex. 8.25 hi silver doth, black or colored satin.

NO C. O. D.'s

NO CREDITS NO EXCHANGES

The only American newspaper with a million circulation! Tho net paid circulation of the N!W York American Inst Sunday. December 12th, at 10 cents was 1,046,081 Almost twice the circulation at twice the price! .In round figures the Sunday New York American has almost twice the" 'irculatioti of any of the other four New York Sunday newspapers. The Sunday New York American sells everywhere for 10 cents. Every other New York Sunday newspaper i.s priced in the lnal territory at ." els. And thin year, selling at JO cents a copy, the Sunday New York American lias more circulation than it had last year when it, too, sold for only five cents a copy
